Name: The Void
Description: You don't think that you are not floating in nothing.  You can see
a strange portal located above you.

Name: Limbo
Description: You are floating in a formless void, detached from all sensation of physical
matter, surrounded by swirling glowing light, which fades into the relative
darkness around you without any trace of edges or shadow.
   There is a "No Tipping" notice pinned to the darkness.

Name: A Totally Empty Room
Description: The walls are completely bare... nothing at all in the room.
How... utterly bizarre and completely weird.  There is a strange
portal just above you, and it almost looks as if there is some
sort of room above you.

Name: The Meeting Room Of The Gods
Description: The meeting room is plain and very simple.  A circular table sits
in the middle of the room, lit by some unseen light source.  There
are many chairs around the table, all empty.  The Immortal Board Room
is to the north.

Name: The Inn Of The Gods
Description: The Inn of the Gods is a small room, holding only a shelf with many
small precious stones on it.  When a God comes to rent his belongings,
his essence is stored in the stones.  The Immortal Board Room is to
the south.

Name: The Ice Box Of The Gods
Description: The Ice Box is for little boys and girls that cannot play nice. Be good
and maybe someone will come and get you.

Name: The Gods' Mortal Board Room
Description: Here the Gods have magically created an exact copy of the mortal board
room.  Any God can easily post and read messages from the mortal board room
without being seen by any mortals.  The Immortal Board Room is to the west.

Name: The Immortal Board Room
Description: The main hang out of the Gods, the Immortal Board Room is the place to
be.  Gods exchange messages here most every day.  The mortal board room is
to the east and the meeting room for the gods is to the south.  To the north
is the Gods' Inn and to the west is a post office for Gods.  There is a large
staircase leading down to the main temple in the city of Midgaard.  In the
northeast corner you spot a small staircase leading upwards.

Name: The Post Office Of The Gods
Description: The Post Office Of The Gods is the same as most Post Offices except that
it is not as slow.  Even the Postal service knows not to anger the Gods.
Piles of junk mail line the walls.  I guess even Gods get on mailing lists.
The Immortal Board Room is to the east.

Name: The Social Gathering Room
Description: This elegantly decorated room has one simple purpose.  To socialize with
everyone else around in one central location.

Name: The Judging Booth
Description: You stand in the midst of a small room with windows on the east and south
walls.  These windows provide a complete view of the competition fields.
There are several scorecards, pencils and other items that are used by the
judges sitting on a table.  The only exit is a trapdoor leading down.

Name: Caesar's Private Box
Description: This is the best view in the house!  You can see gladiators fighting or
the chariot races with an unobstructed view.  The seats are upholstered in
red velvet and are in top-notch condition.  There is a rickety ladder leading
up and a marble staircase leading down.

Name: The West Side Of The Commoner's Seating Area
Description: This is the western side commoner's seating area.  There are row upon
row of rough wooden benches bolted to the floor.  There is stadium garbage
everywhere and the smell makes you want to puke.  Stairs lead up to Caesar's 
private box, a small ramp leads down to the playing field and a hallway 
leads south.

Name: The Southern Commoner's Seats
Description: This is the southeastern part of the common seating areas.  The benches
here are made of stone and are probably centuries old.  A few scratches on
one of the benches catch your eye.  An acrid smell is coming from the east
and a tunnel leads off to the north.

Name: The Abandoned Gate
Description: This used to be a gateway to and from western Rome.  There is an iron gate
blocking your way and judging by the amount of rust and foliage growing on the
bars, it hasn't been open for years.  Looking through the gate at the barren
landscape that lies beyond, you can see why.  A dirt road leads off to the 
east, and a store is directly south.

Name: Swords 'R  Us
Description: Welcome to the weaponshop of Titus Andronicus!!  Rare halberds, whips,
swords and other instruments of death are proudly displayed on the walls
and in gleaming glass cases.  More common weapons are stacked like wood on
the floor.  To the north you can barely make out a gate.  There is a very
secure looking door to the south.

Name: The Back Room
Description: If you thought that there were a lot of weapons in the front of the store,
you haven't seen anything yet!!  There is barely enough room to walk amongst
the crates of armor and swords.  No wonder Rome will stand for a thousand
years.  The only exit is through a door to the north.

Name: Peanut Heaven
Description: You are now so high up that you begin to feel lightheaded and your nose
feels like it is going to start bleeding.  There aren't even benches to sit
on here; just bare dirty stone.  The view of the surrounding country is
spectacular.  Unfortunately you can barely see the playing field.  There is
a set of steps here, leading down.

Name: The Practice And Warm-up Area
Description: There are many gladiators, chariot drivers and their coaches here, warming
up in preparation for the games.  The dust rising from the parched earth makes
you want to sneeze.  A short tunnel leads east and the thunder of pounding
hooves and the clash of weapons can be heard coming from the south.

Name: The Jousting Arena
Description: This is a wide open grassy plane... LOOK OUT!!!!  You are almost
skewered by a gladiator's lance as he makes his charge.  A practicing
area is due north.

Name: The First-Aid Station
Description: This is the place to come to if one is overcome by the heat and gore.
(Or if a lion gets loose)  You see a jar of live leeches and other barbaric
medical apparati lying about here.  From the west comes the roar of the
crowd, and a hall leads east.  The healer will be with you shortly.

Name: A Dirt Road
Description: You are on a parched and dusty rural road which runs east and west.  There
is a structure lying to the south.

Name: The Commoner's House
Description: You are standing in the main living quarters of a common Roman citizen.
The furnishings are sparse and it is warm here.  A putrid odor is coming
from the east and passages lead north and south.

Name: The Bedchamber
Description: This is the bedroom.  There is a hard and lumpy bed in the far corner.
It looks like the commoner's wife has been shirking her duties lately, as
there is a big pile of soiled laundry here.  The only way out is from where
you came.

Name: The Noblemans' Box
Description: These are the 'better' seats used primarily by the upper class of Rome.
There is a large seating area to the east and a staircase leading up here.
The view of the chariot track is pretty good.

Name: The Race Track
Description: This is a hard dirt track about a quarter of a mile long.  There are hoof
prints everywhere, and you see a large cloud of dust approaching.  You had
better move before you get run over.  A small tunnel leads west, you can see
the crowd to the east.  You can hear loud snarls and roars coming from below.

Name: The Lion Pit
Description: As you land at the bottom of this dirt-walled pit, the realization that a
pit full of lions is NOT a good thing to be hanging around in.  Several of
the gladiators gather around the edge of the pit to watch your demise.  You
look around you, and all you see is tawny fur and gaping jaws... it is too
late to run, too late to hide.
   Twelve lions rip you and your belongings into a gory mass of bloodied
leather, bronze, and bone.

   What's that old saying? 
   Cats killed the curious?  Something like that, I'm sure...

Name: The South Entrance To The Coliseum
Description: You are standing at the south entrance to the Coliseum.  There are
citizens of Rome everywhere, apparently in a mad rush to get in.  A
statue of Caligula the Mad Emperor overlooks the area.  There are long
lines standing to the east, and an acrid smell is coming from the west.
A busy road lies to the south.

Name: The Main Highway
Description: This is a well built and heavily traveled road running from east to west
and there is a large structure built entirely of stone to the north.

Name: The Outhouse
Description: PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-YEEEEEWWWWWWWW!!!!!  Boy does it stink in here!!!  You
taste bile in your mouth and your eyes begin to water.  As you wipe away your
tears, you see that this is a small room, in the far corner of which a hole
is dug.  The odor intensifies as you move closer and there is a roll of toilet
paper sitting on the ground.  The only exit is to the west and your nose and
stomach are strongly suggesting that you use it.

Name: The Slave Quarters
Description: This is where the slaves sleep.  There are hard boards set out for use
as beds and not much else.  The only exit is to the east.

Name: The Common Seating
Description: This is where many of the common Roman citizens are seated during the
games.  These are the cheapest seats in the house, as glare from the sun
is usually a problem during the afternoon.  Like the other common seating
areas, this place could stand extensive renovation and a thorough cleaning.
This area extends to the south and a much more elegant seating area can be
seen to the west.

Name: The Common Seating
Description: This is where many of the common Roman citizens are seated during the
games.  Like the other commoners' areas in the coliseum, it could use
extensive renovation and cleaning.  This area extends to the north and
lots of noise can be heard coming from the south.

Name: The East Entrance To The Coliseum
Description: You are standing at the east entrance to the Coliseum.  There are people 
everywhere, apparently in a mad rush to get in.  A statue of Tiberius, an 
Emperor of a time long since passed, stands here looking out over the crowd.  
There is a passage to the north, the ticket booth is to the south and a gate 
opening to the city lies to the east.

Name: The Ticket Booth
Description: Long lines are standing here, waiting to buy tickets.  There are three
vendors working furiously.  Ticket stubs litter the ground and you can see
that the people are getting very impatient.  There is a large, open cashbox
here.  Main entrances to the Coliseum are to the north and west.

Name: A Paved Road
Description: You are on a paved road that runs east to west.  You can see an elaborate
looking estate to the south and to the north-west, off in the distance, you
can see a very large stone structure.

Name: A Noble Estate
Description: You are on the grounds of a nobleman's estate which is hundreds of times
the size and splendor of anything that a common citizen of Rome would ever
hope to own.  Everything is lush and green.  The grass is perfectly manicured
and the trees are all bearing fruit.  Ornamental plants are in perfectly
situated to enhance and adorn the three statues of dedicated to gods Jupiter,
Venus and Neptune.  A tranquil path leads east and west, there is a paved road
to the north and an extravagant house lies to the south.

Name: An Opulent House
Description: You stand in a house, the size and splendor of which almost defies the
imagination.  The floor is done with hand crafted marble tile with silver
and jeweled inlays.  The light coming through the exquisitely crafted stained
glass windows bathes the room in splendor and the furniture looks as though
it was made by master craftsmen from all over the empire.  A path through the
estate is north of here.

Name: The Great North Gate
Description: This is the northern gateway to the city of Rome.  The huge gate appears
to be closed and locked against intrusion.  A large road muddy road runs
through the gate and into the countryside.  Nero Drive runs south from here.

Name: Nero Drive
Description: You are walking on a paved road that runs south through the city of Rome.
A great gate is directly north of here.  The Roman citizens are very friendly
and tip their hats or say hello as you pass.

Name: Nero Drive
Description: You are walking on a great paved road that runs north and south through
the city.  People are hurrying from one place to another, but always stop
to say hello.  Most of the people are either coming from or going to the
town square.  Nero Drive continues to the north, and you can see a large
open area to the south.

Name: The Town Square
Description: You are standing in the middle of a large open area which is the common
area of Rome.  During the day, this place is alive with the hustle and
bustle of all of the citizens of Rome and everyone in the city is sure to
stop by at some time or another.  There are several street vendors peddling
their wares and the overall atmosphere is carnival-like in nature.  To the
southeast, off in the distance, you can see the aqueduct and the buildings
of the Roman government lie to the northwest.  Nero Drive leads north and
south from here and Clay Avenue runs east.

Name: Nero Drive
Description: You are walking on a paved road that runs north and south through the
city of Rome.  There are many people here, as polite as always.  Most of
them are either coming from or going to the town square which lies to the
north.  Nero Drive continues to the south.  There is an observation area
overlooking the aqueduct to the east and a paved road leads west.

Name: Nero Drive
Description: This is a busy paved road that runs north through the city.  The people
of Rome are very friendly and say hello as you pass.  A gate leading out of
the city lies to the south and a small path goes west towards a nobleman's
estate.  To the east, off in the distance, lies the great mountain.  It is
rumored that the Gods watch over and protect the empire from there.

Name: The South Gate
Description: This is the southern gateway to the city of Rome.  The bronze gate is
closed and locked.  Looking through the bars, you see a heavily traveled
road leading out of the city.  Nero Drive starts here and runs north and
a wizard's shop lies to the east.

Name: The Emperor's Private Office
Description: You are standing in the Emperor's private office.  The room is richly
furnished with the finest of the loot brought back from conquests of far
away lands.  There is a massive, intricately carved desk here, upon which
are important documents, decrees and other paperwork involved in running
the empire.  On the far wall, there is a marble bookcase that is well
stocked with the works of Homer, Plato, Socrates and other wise men.
Further, it seems that the current Emperor likes flowers as there are
many potted and cut specimens throughout the room.  There is a french
door leading to the waiting room and a wooden door to the south.

Name: The Senate Chambers
Description: This is the working room where elected senators from all over the empire
gather to advise the Emperor.  An official seal of the Emperor is hanging on
the far wall.  There is a wooden door to the north and a bronze door to the
east and doublehung door to the south.

Name: The House Of Commons
Description: This is the lower house of the advising body to the Emperor.  Common men
from all parts of Rome work here to further assist the senators in advising
the Emperor on critical matters of state.  The seal of the Emperor is painted
on the far wall.  The only exit is to the north.

Name: Clay Avenue
Description: You are on a wide well traveled road running east and west through the
heart of Rome.  There are large crowds of people to the west and the road
continues to the east.  The aqueduct is directly south of here.

Name: The Observation Lookout
Description: You are on a platform overlooking a massive aqueduct.  There is a
telescope mounted to the railing that surrounds the area and you can
hear the gurgle of water as it is channeled into the city.  Off in
the distance, you can see the Mountain of the Gods.
There is a sign mounted to the railing and a ramp leads west.

Name: The Aqueduct
Description: You are in a massive stone structure that has been designed to channel
water into the city of Rome.  Due to the recent drought, the water level
is low, allowing passage without a boat.  The walls and floor are covered
with algae and slime producing treacherous footing conditions.  There are
exits to the north, south and east.

Name: The Mage's Shop
Description: You are standing in the mage's shop.  Magical ointments, charms and
potions are sitting on shelves and behind a glass counter.  There is a
dense neon blue fog hugging the floor here, making it impossible to see
below your knees.  You suddenly hear mutterings coming from the back
room, possibly from...
KKKKKAAAAAABBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!
You are deafened by the noise from a tremendous explosion and the
concussion from the blast staggers you!  The shopkeeper seems to pay
no heed to this. The door to the back room opens and an older man,
wearing a pointed hat, whose face is smudged with soot sticks his head
out.  'Is everyone alright?  Sorry about that.  I was testing a new
spell.  I'll try to give advance notice next time.', he says.  The door
then closes.

Name: The Waiting Room
Description: You are standing in a very large room with a high ceiling and there
are a few people waiting here to see the Emperor on urgent matters.  The
master scheduler tells you to have a seat and sends a page to inform the
his highness of your arrival.  There are large doors to the east and west
and an exit leads south to the foyer.

Name: The Entrance Foyer
Description: You have just entered the main government building of the Roman Empire
and are standing in a massive room with an elaborately decorated domed roof.
There are many people here; messengers and senators being the most numerous.
There is a large, ornate door to the west, a hallway leads north and marble
stairs that lead out of the building are to the south.

Name: Outside The Capitol Building
Description: You stand on white marble steps that lead up and into the Capitol
Building.  There are several statues, none of any real significance,
at the entrance to the building.  The main entrance to the building
is at the top of the steps.

Name: Clay Avenue
Description: You are standing on a wide, heavily traveled road that runs east and
west through the heart of the city.  There are marble steps leading up.
To the south, off in the distance, you can see a large stone structure
and a mountain that is partially obscured by the haze.  There is a
general store to the north.

Name: The Summit Of The Mountain Of The Gods
Description: You are at the summit of a very high mountain and are standing above
the clouds.  The sun is shining brilliantly here and the clouds below
look like balls of cotton.  The path that you have been walking on is
damp and the scent of lilac is in the air.

Name: The Aqueduct
Description: You are in a massive stone structure that has been designed to channel
water into the city of Rome.  Due to the recent drought, the water level
is low, allowing passage without a boat.  The walls and floor are covered
with algae and slime, producing treacherous footing conditions.  There are
exits in all four cardinal directions.

Name: Froboz's Workshop
Description: You are standing in the workshop of Froboz the Great, the most powerful and
famous mage that Rome has ever known.  Workbenches line the walls and are
covered with various test tubes, beakers, petri dishes and crucibles and
there is an odor in here that can best be described as a combination of old
sweat socks and burning tires.  The only exit is back through the door
through which you came.  In the middle of the room, you see a pile of ashes
that looks like it once was a body and Froboz is is busy making adjustments
on a new type of magic wand... possibly the one responsible for the explosion
a few minutes ago.  He removes a jeweler's loupe from his eye as he turns
around.  'How in the name of Merlin did you get in here??!!' he asks.  'Oh,
nevermind!  Since you are here, you can serve as witnesses to the final test
of the new mages' spell:  "ectowatt".'  With this he makes a magical gesture
and a paladin appears.  Crossing his fingers, Froboz waves the wand his
direction and what happens next is incredible!  The Paladin is enveloped in
what appears to be a small, well contained, thermonuclear explosion.  When
the smoke clears you can see that the paladin and all of equipment has been
reduced to a large pile of flaming cinders.  Froboz throws his head back and
cackles with insane glee.  'Now, my young friends, what can I do for you?',
he asks.

Name: The Courtroom
Description: You stand inside of a large courtroom in which common civil disputes and 
criminal matters are decided.  There is a judge's bench and a witness stand
on the far side of the room and a jury's box along side.  The Emperor's seal
is prominently displayed on the wall behind the judge's stand, reminding all
who enter that he is an extension of his highness.  There is a door, possibly 
leading to the judge's chambers, to the east and the waiting room is to the 
west.

Name: The East Gate Of Rome
Description: You are standing inside of the eastern gate of Rome.  There are two tall 
spires built into the city wall, from which the guards can see the whole 
eastern side of the city.  The gate is currently open and to the east, 
there is a heavily used road, made of packed clay, that leads out of Rome. 
Another road leads westward into the city.

Name: A Mountain Path
Description: You stand on a small trail that leads up and down.  It has recently been 
raining and there are small puddles everywhere.  You are just below the
clouds and the view of the surrounding countryside is breathtaking.

Name: The Aqueduct
Description: You are in a massive stone structure that has been designed to channel
water into the city of Rome.  Due to the recent drought, the water level
is low, allowing passage without a boat.  The walls and floor are covered
with algae and slime, producing treacherous footing conditions.  There are
exits in all four cardinal directions.

Name: The Judge's Chambers
Description: You are in a small room that is filled with legal tombs.  There is a
small desk here, literally buried under legal documents.  There is also
a small window overlooking the northern part of the city.

Name: A Mountain Path
Description: You are standing on a small trail that leads through a grove of trees.
Every thing is lush and green here and it appears to have been raining
recently.  'This would be an ideal place for a picnic.' , you think to
yourself.

Name: The Aqueduct
Description: You are in a massive stone structure that has been designed to channel
water into the city of Rome.  Due to a recent drought, the water level is
low, allowing passage without a boat.  The walls and floor are covered
with algae and slime, producing treacherous footing conditions.  A valley
lies to the south and the other cardinal directions lead further into the
aqueduct.

Name: The Valley Of The Gods
Description: You stand in a tranquil valley at the base of a large mountain.  A quiet 
stream, with fruit trees growing along its banks, winds its way peacefully
through the valley and enters a large stone structure that lies to the west.
There are birds singing and every now and then a ripple breaks the surface
of the stream.  You can see a path leading through the trees to the up.

Name: A Mountain Path
Description: You are standing on a path that leads up through a stand of large trees.  
Everything is green and it seems like eternal spring - this is Mother Nature
at her finest.  It is possible to descend into a tranquil valley from here.

Name: The Holding Cells
Description: You are standing in the holding cell area, just off of the cortroom.  Those
who are recently convicted of serious crimes are brought here, pending torture
and execution.  The courtroom lies to the north and another exit goes east.

Name: The Torture Chamber
Description: You are standing in a very small room in which there are many tools
designed specifically for inflicting pain and suffering.  Some of them
are familiar, such as the rack and the iron maidens.  Others, you have
never seen before and they make you wonder about the kind of sadistic
mind that dreamt them up.  The only exit is to the west.

Name: The Roman Bakery
Description: You are standing in the bakery of Rome and your mouth waters at the
delicious aromas wafting from the kitchen.  The only exit is to the east.

Name: The General Store
Description: You are standing in the only general store of Rome.  The walls and shelves 
are covered with all of the various items required by Roman citizens and 
stalwart adventurers.  Clay Avenue lies to the south.

Name: Before Rome
Description: You travel upon an East-West road wide enough for 30 men to march
abreast.  It is packed hard through heavy use.  To the west stands the
Gates of Rome inviting you to enter and partake of all the glory and
splendor that is Rome.

Name: Clay Road
Description: You travel upon an East-West road wide enough for 30 men to march
abreast.  It is packed hard through heavy use.  To the west, your eyes
catch the splendors of a mighty city.

Name: Clay Road
Description: You travel upon an East-West road wide enough for 30 men to march
abreast.

Name: The End Of The Clay Road
Description: The mighty clay road turns into lesser, but still well traveled roads
here.  You feel a surge run through your body as you look East into the
lands that Rome turned into its mighty empire.

Name: A Small Dirt Trail
Description: This small dirt path seems to be a joint between a large clay road
located a short distance to the west and the expanse of sand which opens
up before you to the east.  The clay road appears to lead through the
foothills towards the snowcapped mountain chain to the west.  Perhaps
there is a city or settlement in that direction.
   You cannot see any breaks in the horizon of the sand which fills your
vision as you look to the east, it seems to stretch forever.

Name: A Road Leading From The Bank
Description: You find yourself on a small road leading away from the edge
of the River of Lost Souls.  The dark waters of the River can
be seen and heard just south of here.  Looking to the east and
west, you see only the walls of the rocky cliffs.  Off to the
north a strange path seems to lead straight into the depths of
the mountain.

Name: A Long Road
Description: You stand here in spiritual emptiness, beginning a long and dangerous
path.  Your honest submission has already been made, but the truth of your
heart has yet to be told.  Leave here now, and do not come back until
you have grown.

Name: A Long Road
Description: You stop for a moment, screaming in frustration.  Surely it was that one
sin that was avoidable, of all that you regret.  The hitting and the hurting
flash briefly before you.  Moments later the pain passes, and the straight
path reveals itself before you.

Name: A Long Road
Description: The road clears, the fog and pain of the first few steps left behind
you.  Despite the sudden clarity, your mind is still haunted, images of
an old woman kneeling in prayer, eyes closing, smiling and crying.

Name: A Long Road
Description: Looking ahead, you can see that the path you have been following will
soon come to an end, but something in the cold and the breeze tells you
that that will be only the beginning of the journey.

Name: A Test for the Faithful
Description: It is here finally that decisions must be made.  The first one that
confronts you is simple enough, to walk in the darkness, or to walk in
the light.  Only the depths of your soul can decide, but remember this
much: the same truth lies at the end of both paths.

Name: Halls of the Forgotten
Description: Even the darkest have a place on the road to the truth.  It is in this
place, so empty and forgotten, that God has chosen the worst, and brought
them close to Him for one last time.

Name: Shahadah
Description: It was written once, on an ancient parchment in a curious and flowing
script, that there is in fact no god but Allah, and that Muhammad was
the last of His Prophets.  With this recognition, all else became empty
and meaningless.

Name: Earthly Evil
Description: Whatever it carries, that rage converts into a weapon.  Wrath supplies
all with arms.  When an angry man thirsts for blood anything will serve
him for a spear.  Fury turns a stick into a cudgel.

Name: Misguidance
Description: Some have been brought here not for what they did, but what they
failed to do.  It is these, the poor souls that were presented the
fair evidence and rejected it with an honest mind, that deserve our
pity the most of all.

Name: Temptation
Description: Old tales tell of a conversation between the devil and the Prophet
Jesus: the devil offered him a kingdom, vast riches, the temptation of
a glorious near-death saved by his angels.  Even this Messenger of God
was forced to stop and think.  Imagine how hard it could be for the rest.

Name: Hypocrisy
Description: He called the populace to strict religious purity, rigidly enforcing
the times of prayer and the most correct forms of the words of the Muezzin.
All of this he strengthened by his most impeccable example, shunning all
riches and riding in tattered rags through his capital on the back of a
donkey.  Despite all this, remember.  Behind closed doors, all men are
hypocrites.

Name: Hate
Description: There is little in life much easier, and truthfully, little that is a
quicker ticket to damnation.  You give brief thanks that you have come to
the end of these trials, but your words are drowned out by something
much louder, a mechanical preaching that drowns your ears in anger.  You
hear a steady, repetitive litany of the same phrase, over and over again:
"I go the way history dictates with the blind assurance of a sleep-walker."

Name: Spiritual Danger
Description: Some evils are tangible, solid, so evident that they spit you right in
the face.  Others are more clever, more subtle, and it is these that present
the greatest danger.  Looking down the hall before you, a great fear fills
your heart, and a great, heavy longing.

Name: The Fall
Description: In the beginning, he was the best, the most beautiful of all the angels,
and God's most loved creation.  Look at your own beauty, human, and do what
he could not.  Look at your beauty, and learn to kneel!

Name: Temptation
Description: Temptation is the IF, the wondering, the second-guessing, the "I will
be a better man... if..."  And that if is usually taken, sitting alone,
listening to that voice, calling you, offering such an easy way, but such
a crooked one.

Name: The Last Day
Description: The din of a great battle shakes these halls, the moans of the earth
erupting at the shakings of the End Time.  Be ready for that day, be very
ready, for if you are not, he will claim you for one of his own.

Name: Flame
Description: Undescribable horror and pain, a blackness drowned out only by the
burning anguish, the inextinguishable fire coming not from some burning
wood or molten lava but from the brightness and pain of the horrible,
tortured souls that surround, everywhere you turn.

Name: Earthly Light
Description: To slip into evil is easy, but walking this path is the hardest of
all.  Even the four you will find here today have strayed from the line
at least once in their lives, and there are still some living who curse
the very sound of their names.  Despite all this, confront them now, and
let their actions serve as your example.

Name: The Light of the Rashidun
Description: Many believed that the Prophet would never die, but when the stark
evidence of his body confronted them, it soon became necessary to provide
for the future.  The four that came after are called the Rashidun, the
rightly-guided Caliphs that would spread the word and the light, and with
it forge one of history's greatest empires.

Name: The Light of the Rashidun
Description: The first Caliphs were chosen by consultation with a noble council
of elders, each of whom, hoping to lead the world of Islam alone, voted
to elect the one amongst them they thought was the weakest.  Each time,
they were wrong.  Each one was more noble, more upright than the one
before.

Name: The Light of the Rashidun
Description: Every majestic and happy tale must end, usually all too soon, and thus
it was with the golden age of the Caliphate.  The Rashidun were pure men,
good men, true to the path, but their followers soon began to bicker, and
civil war was on the horizon.

Name: The Light of the Rashidun
Description: The end of the Rashidun was the beginning of Schism.  The memories
of the Prophet and the living example of the Caliphs proved to be
insufficient example to the faithful.  Ali died, and some say that
with him the Caliphate died too, a martyr, his blood still flowing in
the nameless river.

Name: Spritual Reward
Description: Behold, Allah is the Provider, the most Generous.  He would not suffer
his believers to walk the path of light without guidance.  He provided the
Prophets, may peace be upon them, and in the examples of their own growth,
we shall find the truth of our own.

Name: Creation
Description: In the creation of the heavens and the earth, and in the alternation of
night and day, there are signs for men of sense; those that remember Allah
say: "Lord, You have not created this in vain!"

Name: Revelation
Description: The Angel Gabriel came to him and said: "Read!"  He replied: "But I
cannot!"  The order was repeated three times, until the Angel himself
said: "Read, in the name of your Lord who created man from clots of blood.
Praise be to God, Lord of the Universe."

Name: Conversion
Description: Unbelievers, I do not worship what you worship, nor do you worship
what I worship.  I shall never worship what you worship, nor will you
ever worship what I worship.  You have your own religion, and I have
mine.

Name: Deliverance
Description: The balance had been made, the soul placed in readiness, and the final
measurement taken.  For those that have come this far, surely this is the
day of immortality!

Name: Repentance
Description: God forgives those who commit evil in ignorance, for He is all-knowing
and wise.  But He will not forgive those who do evil, and when death comes
to them, say: "Now we repent!"  For those We have prepared a woeful scourge.

Name: Pilgrimage
Description: It is incumbent upon all Muslims to make the pilgrimage to Mecca once
in their lifetime, if they are able, and for those unfortunate enough to
follow the lives of the lower evils, such a pilgrimage with an open and
contrite heart shall absolve them of all.

Name: Intercession
Description: It is written that no one may intercede with God on behalf of another.
No prayers from another may save the soul of a doomed man; his only hope
is prayers of his own.

Name: The Upper Reaches
Description: You have traveled the righteous path, and you have faced the examples
of the true models of the Prophet.  Only the final journey awaits you;
live like this and you shall live forever.

Name: The Upper Reaches
Description: When the records of men's deeds are laid open, and heaven is stripped
bare; when Hell burns fiercely and Paradise is brought near: then each
soul shall know what it has done.

Name: The Upper Reaches
Description: You have traveled the righteous path, and your own journey has
imitated the evolution of the most perfect soul.  Only one final
path awaits you; die as the one in the room before, and your death
will mean nothing.

Name: The Final Facing
Description: The last of the darkness lies behind you; only the straight path
remains.  Go forth with a clean heart.  Only the penitent shall find
what they seek.

Name: The Final Facing
Description: The last of the darkness lies behind you; only the straight path
remains.  Go forth with a clean heart.  Only the penitent shall find
what they seek.

Name: The Final Facing
Description: The last of the darkness lies behind you; only the straight path
remains.  Go forth with a clean heart.  Only the penitent shall find
what they seek.

Name: A Straight Path
Description: The Compassionate, the Merciful, Sovereign of the Day of Judgment!
You alone we worship, and to You alone we turn for help.  Guide us to
the Straight Path, the path of those whom You have favored, not of
those who have gone astray.

Name: Progression
Description: Were We worn out by the First Creation?  Yet they are in doubt about
a new creation.  WE created man.  We know the promptings of his soul,
and are closer to him than his jugular vein.

Name: Judgment
Description: Undoubtedly the shortest path is the straightest one.  Only one more
step awaits before a final decision is made and a home given to you for
all eternity.

Name: The Utmost Throne
Description: You have come at last to the resting place of the most holy.  Startling
crystal clarity of vision has been granted to you; seven guardians rim
the periphery of the throne and all is bathed in a warm and clean light.
It is here that the final choice is to be made, and no defiance of yours
can change the outcome.

Name: The King's Road
Description: You stand at the beginning of the actual King's Road.  The road is wide
enough for several horses to ride along side by side with room to spare.
The stones which make up the road have been put into place with such skill
that the road seems to be perfectly smooth and perfectly straight.
   You spot a small trail leading to the south through the undergrowth which
surrounds the road at this point.
A traveller passes by and waves cheerfully at you.

Name: The King's Road
Description: You stand in the center of the great King's Road.  The road is very well
built, and goes in a straight line due east-west.

Name: The King's Road
Description: You stand on the King's Road, which leads east and west.  The
skill of the builders is apparent, since it is impossible to notice
any turn or irregularity in the road.

Name: On The King's Road Outside A Castle
Description: You are standing on the King's Road.  Before you is a large
Castle, evidently built not so much for strength as for beauty.
It is not totally without defences, though, for it is surrounded
by a deep moat, and its windows are just narrow slits for archers
to shoot through.  To the north there is a drawbridge across the
moat.

Name: On The Drawbridge
Description: You have arrived at the drawbridge leading into the Castle.  Before
you is a huge, double-doored gate.  It seems very strong.  You see some
whirls in the moat.

Name: The Kitchen
Description: You are in the Kitchen.  Lots of helpers hurry to do the Chief Cook's
bidding, and there is a wonderful smell that makes you feel very hungry.
All around the room, there are shelves with different kinds of cooking 
gear stacked on them.  There is an exit to the north, and one to the east;
both leading to small passages.

Name: A Small Passage
Description: You are standing in a small passage, that is clearly intended mostly
for the servants of the Castle.  It is only dimly lit and quite narrow.
The passage leads west, and to the east there is a small door.

Name: The Entrance Hall
Description: You are standing in the impressive Entrance Hall of the Castle.
To the north is an exit into the Great Hall.  There is also an exit
east, and a small door to the west.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: You are in a small room, evidently meant for guards currently
not on duty.  There is only one exit, back to the entrance hall.

Name: Under The Tower
Description: You are below one the three mighty towers of the Castle.  There are
no guards here, and you sense that this part of the Castle is largely
unused.  There are stairs going up to the tower, and there is also an
exit to the north.

Name: The Small Passage
Description: You are standing in a small passage, that is clearly intended 
mainly for the servants of the Castle.  The passage leads north
and south.

Name: The Great Hall
Description: You are standing in the south-west end of the Great Hall. It 
is truly vast; the roof is so high above your head, that it seems no
closer than the clouds outside.  The roof is beautifully painted, by
someone who must have been a true master.  The hall is very large,
and could easily seat several hundred people at a banquet.

Name: The Great Hall
Description: You are standing in the southern end of the Great Hall.  It
is truly vast; the roof is so high above your head, that it seems no
closer than the clouds outside.  The roof is beautifully painted, by
someone who must have been a true master.  The hall is very large,
and could easily seat several hundred people at a banquet.  To your
north, you see King Welmar's great throne, and to the south is the
Castle Entrance.

Name: The Great Hall
Description: You are standing in the south-east end of the Great Hall.  It
is truly vast; the roof is so high above your head, that it seems no
closer than the clouds outside.  The roof is beautifully painted, by
someone who must have been a true master.  The hall is very large,
and could easily seat several hundred people at a banquet.

Name: A Passage
Description: You are standing in a passage, that leads north and south.  To the south
it leads towards one of towers.

Name: The Passage
Description: You are in a passage, that leads north and south. To the east there
is an exit to the Great Hall.

Name: The Great Hall
Description: You are standing in the north-west end of the Great Hall.  It 
is truly vast; the roof is so high above your head, that it seems no
closer than the clouds outside.  The roof is beautifully painted, by
someone who must have been a true master.  The hall is very large,
and could easily seat several hundred people at a banquet.  To your
east, you see King Welmar's great throne, and to the west there is
an exit to a passage.

Name: By The Throne In The Great Hall
Description: You are standing by the King's huge ivory throne.  The throne is, to
an even greater degree than the Hall itself, a masterpiece.  It is
intricately and beautifully carved, and it seems to be made out of a 
single block of ivory, though you shiver at the thought of meeting
the animal that died to yield a piece of that size.  The Hall continues
to the east, west and south.

Name: The Great Hall
Description: You are standing in the north-east end of the Great Hall.  It
is truly vast; the roof is so high above your head, that it seems no
closer than the clouds outside.  The roof is beautifully painted, by
someone who must have been a true master.  The hall is very large,
and could easily seat several hundred people at a banquet.  To your
west, you see King Welmar's great throne, and to the east there is
an exit to a small passage.

Name: The Small Passage
Description: You are standing in a small passage, that leads north and south.
To the west, there is an exit into the Great Hall.

Name: The Passage
Description: You are standing in a north-south leading passage.  There is a door
to the east.

Name: The Servants' Corridor
Description: You are standing in a corridor, that stretches further to the east.
There are doors to the north and west.  The corridor itself is mainly
used by servants, and lacks some of the beauty of the rest of the
castle.

Name: The End Of The Servants' Corridor
Description: The corridor leads only west from here, but there is a door to
the north.

Name: The Training Room
Description: This is the Training Room of the men of the Castle guard.  It is
very large, with weapons standing in racks by all the walls.  Most
of the weapons seem to be intended for training only, with blunt
edges and the like, but there are some that might be useful for
real fighting.  There is a door to the north.

Name: The Small Passage
Description: You are standing in a small passage leading north and south.  There
is also an exit to the west, from which grunts, cheers and heavy blows
can be heard.

Name: The Stair Room
Description: You are standing below a great staircase, that leads up to the
second floor of the Castle.  The stairs are made of marble, and there
are pillars carved in the likenesses of trees with little animals
running up and down the trunks.

Name: The Servants' Quarters
Description: You are standing in a large room, that seems to house many of the
servants.  The room is full of comfortable-looking beds.  There is also
a large chest, probably containing some of the servants' belongings.

Name: The Butler's Quarters
Description: You see at once that this must be the butler's room, for it lies
in the servants' wing, and still it is large and comfortable; almost
luxurious, in fact.  There is a large bed and a drawer in the room.
The only exit is via the door to the south.

Name: The Guards' Barracks
Description: You are standing in a very large room with bunks all over.  It is
obvious, that this is where the guards off duty spend most of their
time, drinking and gambling or, probably, mostly sleeping.

Name: The Stairs
Description: You are standing by a staircase leading down.  As you look down,
you notice that for the first time since you entered the castle,
things are not aesthetically made.  Instead it looks more functional
and prison-like.

Name: At A Bend In The Corridor
Description: You are standing at a place where the corridor bends from east to north.

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  It leads east and west.

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  It leads east and west.

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  The corridor continues west,
and to the north you see the luxurious guest wing.

Name: In The South-East Tower
Description: This part of the tower is fairly uninteresting, but it leads further
upwards...

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  It leads north and south.  There
is also an exit to the east here.

Name: By The Treasure Room
Description: You are standing by a great iron door.  The door is very large, and
seems very solid indeed.  There is a sign posted by it.

Name: The Great Treasury
Description: As you enter this room, you are astonished by the riches that
are stowed away here; not so much in gold, but paintings, tapestries,
skillful carvings and sculptures all over the vast room.  You realise,
however, that most of these things are too well known to be sold
anywhere, without branding yourself as a thief, and condemning yourself
to instant death at the hands of the Royal Guard.

Name: The Guest Wing
Description: You have arrived at the part of the Castle where prominent
guests are housed.  To the east there is a large, ornamented
door, and a somewhat smaller one leads north.

Name: The Guest Suite
Description: This must be where only the most highly regarded guests stay, since
it is luxurious beyond your wildest imagination.  This is only the living
room of the suite, but it is huge and tastefully decorated.  All the
furniture is not only beautiful, but also made for comfort.  To the
north, there is an exit to the bedroom, and there is a door to the west.

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  It leads north and south.

Name: The Ball Room
Description: You are standing in the great Ball Room.  It is a truly large room,
with a stage for an orchestra in the south-east end.

Name: By The Stage
Description: Before you you see the stage.  It is large enough for some 40 
musicians to play on at the same time.  The Ball Room continues
to the west and north.

Name: A Guest Room
Description: You are standing in a large room.  Although it is comfortable enough,
you can tell it is not meant for any of the most illustrious guests,
since it lacks that extreme luxury found elsewhere in the Castle.

Name: The Bedroom
Description: This room is dominated by the huge four-poster bed, that stands
against the northern wall.  The room is large and cosy, and the bed
virtually begs you to lie down in it and sleep.

Name: The Corridor
Description: You are standing in a long corridor, decorated with tapestries
depicting old times and old heroes.  It leads north and south.  There
is an exit to the east, that leads to a large room.

Name: The Ball Room
Description: You are standing in the great Ball Room.  It is a truly large room,
with a stage for an orchestra in the south-east end.

Name: The Ball Room
Description: You are standing in the great Ball Room.  It is a truly large room,
with a stage for an orchestra in the south-east end.

Name: In The Tower
Description: You are standing in the north-eastern of the three great watch-
towers of the Castle.  To the west, you can enter the Ball Room and
there are stairs leading up into the Tower.

Name: The Grand Staircase
Description: You are standing on a great staircase, that leads up and down.  To 
the east, there is a large oak door, and a corridor leads south.

Name: The Cosy Room
Description: You have entered a large, cosy living room.  There is a fireplace
with a fire burning, and a few comfortable chairs around a little
table.  There is a door to the west, and also an exit to the east.

Name: King Welmar's Bedroom
Description: This is a large room, with a wonderful view.  To one side of the
room, stands a large four-poster bed.  All around the room there are
massive bookshelves, filled with all kinds of books.  The titles include
works such as: 'A Treatise on the History of Midgaard and surrounding
areas', 'Magic - A Beginner's Introduction' and many others.  There is
an exit to the west.

Name: Up In The Tower
Description: After a long climb, you finally reach the top of the tower.  This
room is small, and the only light source is a flickering candle, on
a cluttered table, in the middle of the room.  The only obvious exit
is back down the stairs.

Name: The Top Of The Tower
Description: You have arrived at the top of the tower.  This tower is pretty
uninteresting, and seems made purely for reasons of defence and 
guarding.  The windows are slits for bowmen, very narrow on the 
outward side and broad inwards to allow a wide shooting angle.
The only evident exit is down the stairs again.

Name: The Top Of The Tower
Description: This is the highest of all the towers, and is obviously used for
lookout purposes.  The view is splendid in all four directions.  All
around you, the rich countryside spreads out to the horizon.  To the
north and east you see a vast mountain range, and far to the west
a beautiful lake.  A bit closer, the town of Midgaard lies at the
end of the King's Road.  The only exit you can see is down again.

Name: The Bottom Of The Stairs
Description: The stairs lead down to a damp part of the castle, you can hear
water dripping somewhere around you.  The area is lit by a single
torch flickering in the room which this staircase is built off of.
   The stairs lead upwards and they open up onto a fairly small
room to the east.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: You are at a loss to explain why someone would want to spend all
day down here.  The only explanation that seems even remotely logical
to you is that there must be an important prisoner kept in one of the
cells through the south door.
   The decorations of the room are sparse, merely a table, a chair,
and a deck of cards.  A stairwell has been built into the western wall
and it leads upwards.

Name: The Prison
Description: This small passage is about thirty feet long and is well lit by the
torches on each wall.  The torches have been locked inside small metal
cages to ensure that they are not removed.  The strangest thing about
the torches however, is the manner in which they burn, they have what
appears to be a constant flame in that it does not flicker whatsoever,
and does not give off any smoke.  Perhaps they have been magicked to
burn forever...
   There are three cells along this passage way, one on each side of
the corridor right near the north end and one isolated at the south
end of the corridor with a small metal plaque located over the door
in the keystone of the archway.

Name: A Cell
Description: This cell is in a shambles.  There is a small hole in the
western wall where something has broken through the stones
into the cell.  There is a cell door in the eastern wall.

Name: Ergan's Cell
Description: This large cell is almost like a living quarters with a cot
in one corner serving as a bed, a small table built out of the
wall in another corner.  There is even a rug in the center of
the floor to keep some warmth.  It seems that the prisoner kept
here is treated quite well, almost too well for a murderer of
an entire town...

Name: A Cell
Description: This small cell is damp and dark and looks like noone and nothing
has lived in it for quite some time.  A small cell door is located in
the west wall.

Name: An Overgrown Trail
Description: Moving off of the King's Road, you find yourself on a small
fading trail which appears to have been so little used that it
has almost completely grown over with vegitation from the woods
here.  Sounds of the forest can be heard all round and you feel
a peaceful feeling come over you as you realize that mankind
has not passed this way for some time.
   The faded trail appears to lead north and south.

Name: An Overgrown Trail
Description: Continuing through the heavy undergrowth, you find yourself
in the middle of the forest.  The sounds of the forest can be
heard all round and you feel a peaceful feeling come over you
as you realize that mankind has not passed this way for some
time.
   The fading trail you are on appears to have been so little
used that it has almost completely grown over with vegitation
from the woods here.  
   The faded trail appears to lead north and east.

Name: An Overgrown Trail
Description: Continuing through the heavy undergrowth, you find yourself
in the middle of the forest.  The sounds of the forest can be
heard all round and you feel a peaceful feeling come over you
as you realize that mankind has not passed this way for some
time.
   The fading trail you are on appears to have been so little
used that it has almost completely grown over with vegitation
from the woods here.  
   The faded trail appears to lead west and south.  To the south
a strange eerie silence seems to hang in the air, almost blocking
out all the sounds that you can hear from the north and east.

Name: A Dirt Road
Description: As you leave the forest to the north, you find yourself at
what appears to be the beginning of a dirt road and a small
village.  Upon first laying eyes on this place you realize
that there is something funny about this settlement... there
is no sound other that the whistling wind here.  You would have
expected to hear people going about their regular business, but
the village is silent.  You cannot see any movement around the
village either.  It is almost as still and silent as the woods
to the north.
There is a small sign lying by the side of the road here.

Name: A Small Intersection
Description: Continuing along the dirt road, you find yourself at a place where
a small path splits away from the main road and leads off to the west.
The woods around the village seem to be pressing inwards towards you
as if the village hides a secret which they do not want to be spread
about.
   There is another house standing on the east side of the road.

Name: A Dirt Road
Description: This section of the dirt road is quiet, but there is an awful stench
in the air.  It brings to mind rotting corpses and raw sewage.  The woods
contiue to press closely about you, and almost totally surround the small
building to the west with a thatched roof.  There is a blackened shell of
a building to the east with a small sign hanging out front from a black
and charred chain.
   The dirt road continues north and south.

Name: A Large Pit
Description: The dirt road ends at the edge of a large pit here and you now
realize where the awful smell was coming from.  This pit appears
to be a mass grave for the citizens of the village.  There are
bones and corpses lying all over the place.  A lot of the corpses
look too recent to be from the Townsbridge murders of almost a
decade ago, but the village seems to have been empty for almost
that long.
   The dirt road leads away from the carnage to the north.

Name: A House
Description: This house is a wreck, furniture has been strewn all about
the room, and it looks like a tornado landed right in the middle
of the room.  The destruction that has taken place in this room
is almost beyond belief.  The oddest part of it all though, is
how it all seems so recent, since there are no cobwebs, and there
is no dust on anything.
   The dirt road can be seen to the east through the doorway.

Name: A House
Description: This darkened room is barely lit by the outdoor light, but what
you can see of it gives you the creeps.  There are cobwebs dangling
from everything, a thick layer of dust begins to rise up at your
passage, and a strange howl comes from somewhere around you.  The
furniture in this house is old and of a type that hasn't been seen
around these lands for some time.  If it was in better shape, you
might be able to sell it as antique.
   The meager light of the road shines through the doorway to the
west.

Name: A Small Cottage
Description: This cottage looks to have been left in exactly the same shape as
it was in quite some time ago.  It looks as if the residents left one
day and haven't returned home yet.  Oddly enough, the furniture is
dust free and the food on the table still looks fresh.  This house is
really strange, perhaps it wuld be in your best interests to leave as
soon as humanly possible.
   The road is back through the open doorway to the east.

Name: The Burned Shop
Description: As you enter this small building, you notice that that blackened
walls are due to a fire that seemed to burn here unattended for quite
some time.  There is almost nothing left of the roof that would have
once covered this building, and the north and east walls have been
burnt to almost half the height of the other two walls.  There are
some burnt goods around on the ground and the remains of a counter
near what is left of the north wall seems to indicate that this was
once a shop.
   The road lies to the west through the blackened wall.

Name: A Dark Path
Description: As you move away form the open air into the darkness of the path
and the sinister looking woods around you, you get a feeling of awe
and something almost akin to horror.  The wood around is completely
silent, not even the rustling of leaves or the cracking of branches
breaks the silence.  The final thing you notice is that the darkness
all around you seems to be almost contrived, and doesn't seem natural
for this kind of vegitation.
   The path continues west and you can see light to the east.

Name: A Dark Path
Description: This narrow path leads through the overhanging trees in the unnatural
darkness.  It seems almost as if the trees are crowding in on you here,
as if they didn't want to feel your presence.  The wood is almost totally
silent and you wonder silently to yourself why this could be.
   The path appears to continue east and west.

Name: The Circle Of Stones
Description: You are at the edge of a circle of seven large monolith-like stones.
Each stone towers over your head and appears to be at least double your
height.  The stones are made of a dark black material, almost black in
colour.
   In the center of the ring of stones, you can see a black circular
mirror-like disk on the ground.  The surface is highly reflective and
almost appears to be rippling.  The trees surrounding the circle tower
far above your heads blocking out the sky.
   A strange glow seems to be emanating from each stone, almost green
in colour.  This glow provides enough light for you to see with even
though the sky above has been blotted out.

Name: The Entrance To The Newbie Zone
Description: Ahhh... the entrance to the newbie zone!  Just the place you have
been looking for.  Well, when you've readied yourself you can enter
to the north.

Name: The Beginning Of The Passage
Description: You find yourself entering a long corridor.  You can hear the sound
of creatures roaming about, but you can't tell where the sound emanates
from exactly.
   Exits lead to the east along the hallway, and south back to the
entrance.

Name: The Dirty Hallway
Description: You continue wandering down the hallway.  Nothing much different here,
but you are positive you here noises behind the door to the south, and
coming from the east.  The walls are a bit slimy and moldy here... yeech,
couldn't they hire someone to clean this place?  What will the newbies
think?  Oh well, you can continue along the hallway to the east or west.

Name: A Nexus
Description: Well... you've reached an intersection of two passages, to the north
and east, the passage brightens, while the darker hallway continues to
the south.

Name: A Narrow Passage
Description: The thin passage is plain and undecorated, but still clean.  It
ends abruptly to the south at a small oak door, behind which you here
movement...

Name: The Dark Pit
Description: Ick... a dark damp dirty pit.  Even worse, what is that dark damp
dirty thing looking at you from the corner?  Ewww... maybe you should
go back up where it is a bit safer, unless you think you can tackle
that thing in the corner.

Name: A Small Room
Description: Hmmm... this is an interesting little room.  Ack, and there is
an interesting little creature staring at you too.  He looks a bit
surprised at your intrusion.  You can leave via the doors north or
east, or you can stay and annoy him a bit more.  There also appears
to be some type of well down here also, but it has a rather secure
grate covering it.

Name: More Of The Hallway
Description: Oh joy!  More of this annoying passage.  Perhaps there is something
more exciting through that door to the west?  Or you can keep searching
the hallways to the north or south.

Name: An Open Field By The Great Field
Description: Finally, you are in an open field... it is so nice to breathe fresh air
again!  You can return to that dank, smelly place to the east, or take the
exit to the north which appears to lead into a large field.

Name: The End Of The Passage
Description: Ahhh... at last, the end of the hallway... you can exit into open
air to the west,or return to the east and make sure you didn't miss
anything.

Name: A Brighter Hallway
Description: The hallway continues on in a east-west direction... and it seems to
be brightening up to the west.

Name: Another Corner
Description: Another corner of the passage, and just as untidy as the rest of
this place (maybe more so?).  There is a door to the east though...
wonder where that leads?  Oh, and the hallway continues west and
north.

Name: The Alchemist's Room
Description: Lots of bottles and flasks lie about this room, but it all looks like
worthless clutter.  It appears whatever alchemist has been working here
is really very adept at his art.  There are a lot of formulae and spells
written on the walls too... couldn't he buy some paper?  There is a door
to the north, and also a dark stairway in the corner leading down, with a
large sign next to it that you probably should read...

Name: A Turn In The Passage
Description: This corner is much like all the others... except you see a strange
glow coming from the south.  Could be an exit... you hope.

Name: A T-Intersection In The Passage
Description: This is an intersection of a long east-west passage with a corridor
leading south.  The air seems a bit clearer here though, as if you were
approaching an exit.

Name: Another Corner
Description: The passage turns from north to west here.  The walls are still
covered with the same disgusting green fungus you have seen all
along, and you hear sounds of creatures moving all around you...

Name: A Corner In The Hallway
Description: You can hear creatures moving all around you... and it is not
a comforting sound at all.  The furnishing is nothing to speak of
either, plain grey brick walls with green fungus (or something)
growing on them.

Name: Another Turn
Description: Hmmm... the passage turns south here.  You beginning to realize you
can easily lose your bearings if you aren't careful, and you don't think
you would like spending too much time here...

Name: A Large Room
Description: The passage opens into a large oval room.  There really isn't much of
interest here though.

Name: A Long East-West Passage
Description: This is a long, narrow passage leading east and west.  The walls are
damp and covered with mildew and fungus.  There is a very unhealthy air
about this place and you're beginning to want out of here... soon.

Name: A Crossing Of Corridors
Description: Here a narrow east-west passage crosses with a wider passage to the
north and south.  The air is dank, and has an odor of decay and debris.
Not a nice place at all really...

Name: A Corner Room
Description: This room is hardly more than a crossing of passages.  You do sense a
slight breeze wafting down the passage to the north though, but it smells
altogether bad...

Name: The Red Room
Description: It takes you a moment to realize that the red glow here is coming
from a round portal on the floor.  It looks almost as if someone had
painted a picture of a dirt running through a field on the floor of
this room.  Oddly enough, it is so realistic you can feel the wind in
the field coming out of the picture.

Name: A Branching Passage
Description: The north-south passage branches to the east here.  There is a queer red
glow coming from that way as well, along with a faint breeze.

Name: A Passage
Description: Ick... this place is just disgusting.  You try and stay clear of the
walls, but the passage is so narrow you keep bumping them anyway.  You
are almost convinced that the fungus coating the walls is grabbing at
you too.

Name: The Entrance
Description: It is dark, dank, disgusting and cold up here.  Plus you here the
sounds of creatures all around you... and somehow they don't sound
friendly.  It is probably wise to exercise some degree of caution
here... no telling what you may run into here.

Name: Another Corner
Description: Well... what is there to say.  More fungus, more weird sounds, and a
slight breeze from the north.  Bet you want to sign a lease, don't ya...

Name: An Intersection Of Passages
Description: Cold, smelly, and coated with green fungus... just like last week's
left-overs.  Furthermore you want nothing to do with either, you just
want out right now.

Name: A Turn In The Passage
Description: This place is just plain nauseating... it certainly smells as if
something (or someone) died in here.  You hope you aren't next, but
from the sounds you hear all around you, it seems as if something has
other ideas about that.

Name: A Branch To The South
Description: The east-west passage branches of to the south here.  All around you
is the odour of death.  Actually, the mold and fungus on the walls is
doing great, but otherwise... well... you don't want to think about what
else lives here.

Name: Yet Another Corner
Description: The passage turns here and heads north.  You sense something up ahead
that way, but you aren't sure what.  You aren't sure if you want to know
what either at this point.

Name: A Large Room
Description: You almost stumble as you enter this room... the sudden feeling of no
walls on either side of you makes you a bit nervous.  Suddenly you are
vulnerable on all sides.  You can't even tell how big a room this is,
because it extends to the east farther than you light will reach...

Name: A Large Room
Description: As you enter, you light glints of the wall to the east.  There appears
to be words scrawled on the wall, and a crude picture.  To the west the
room extends beyond the reach of your light, and the dark shadows make you
paranoid... anything could be hiding there.  You are painfully aware of
how exposed you are without walls around you.

Name: The Statue's Room
Description: Here, the passage enters a small room.  Exits lead to the east and south,
and you notice a wonderful, large (and tastefully done) statue to the north.

Name: The Hallway
Description: As you continue wandering down the hallway, you notice banners,
pictures, and other fine decorations adorning the walls all along
this passage.  It seems very different from the dismal passage where
you entered.

Name: The North Stairs
Description: Here, the hall opens into a wide room, with a high domed roof.  Now that
that you have come clear of the enclosed passage, you can see that the stair
leads upward to an open air balcony overlooking the area.  To the south the
room continues, and another stair is visible matching the one in front of
you.

Name: The Balcony
Description: Here you can look out and observe the world around.  Constructed in a
semi-circle around the dome of the room, the balcony allows you to look
out in almost any direction.  Wandering to the north end, you can see that
the Great Fields north of Midgaard continue off towards the Dragonhelm
Mountains to the north.

Name: A Bright Hallway
Description: Wow!  What a change from the dismal passage to the south.  Whoever
keeps this room up must really like newbies.  The walls and floor are
clean, and tastefully decorated.  You also notice an interesting design
on the floor.

Name: The Balcony
Description: Here you can look out and observe the world around.  Constructed in a
semi-circle around the dome of the room, the balcony allows you to look out
in almost any direction.  Wandering to the south end, you can see the great
city of Midgaard off to the south-west.

Name: A Bright Hallway
Description: Wow!  What a change from the dismal passage to the west.  Whoever keeps
this  room up must really like newbies.  The walls and floor are clean, and
tastefully decorated.  You also notice an interesting design on the floor.

Name: The South Stairs
Description: Here, the hall opens into a wide room, with a high domed roof.  Now that
that you have come clear of the enclosed passage, you can see that the stair
leads upward to an open air balcony overlooking the area.  to the north the
room continues, and another stair is visible matching the one in front of
you.

Name: The Entrance To The Shadow Grove
Description: Before you, the grove of shadows lies.  Giant grey trees are all that
can be seen through the thick shadows.  A great sense of both power and
menace permeates the surrounding area.  You have a strange urge to turn
back and go back the way you've come.
   A small path leads north into the shadows and back south to the plains.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem the glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All exits lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All directions lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: The Shadow Grove
Description: You are inside the shadow grove.  Giant trees seem to glare at you
from all sides.  The shadowy mist obscures most of your vision.  Strange
sounds of moaning and growling come from all directions.
   All directions lead into shadows, you are very confused.

Name: A Small Clearing
Description: You are in a small clearing in the shadow grove.  There is charred grass
underfoot, and the signs of fire here and there.  It is almost as if the
plant life shuns this spot.  The shadowy mist hovers all around, obscuring
your view into the grove.
   A small path leads north to some shadowy structure.  All other exits are
shrouded in shadowy mist.

Name: The Entrance To The High Tower
Description: You have reached the entrance to the High Tower of Sorcery.  The
tower looms above you at an incredible height.  It seems to disappear
into the storm clouds above.
   A diamond gate is to the north, whilst the trail back south has
disappeared behind you.

Name: Inside The High Tower Of Sorcery
Description: You are inside the High Tower of Sorcery.  The sight is truly amazing.
From here, it is obvious that somehow, the tower is much larger on the
inside than it is on the outside.  Young mages walk about, completely
oblivious to your presence.
   Exits lead north to the common room, west to the dinning room, east
to a plain hallway and back south through the gate.

Name: Common Room
Description: You are in the common room.  There are many apprentice warlocks here
talking and resting, playing games, comparing notes.  Obviously they
are taking a break from their rigorous studies.  There are benches,
tables and a small water fountain here, otherwise the room is quite
unremarkable.
   Exits lead off in all directions.

Name: The Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway, it seems rather unremarkable.  The
hallway continues east and back west.

Name: The Dining Room
Description: You are in the dining area of the student mages.  From the number of
tables and chairs here, you can see that this room could easily seat
several hundred people.  It is oddly deserted here, obviously not meal
time.
   Exits lead west to the kitchen, and back east.

Name: A Dark Hallway
Description: You are in a dark hallway.  It is apparent that this area is seldom
used by the regular occupants of the tower.  Dust covers the floors
here.
   The faint outline of a trapdoor can be seen in the dust.

Name: The Mages' Tavern
Description: You are in the mages' tavern.  The air is smokey and filled with the
smells of foreign food and drink.  The other patrons pay you little heed,
as they obviously have more interesting things to contemplate.
   The only exit leads back west.

Name: The Magic Shop
Description: You are in the High Tower's store of magic.  This place sells all
sorts of herbs, parchment and other reagents used in magical studies.
   The only exit leads back east to the common room.

Name: The Kitchen
Description: You are in a small kitchen.  All the usual kitchen type utensils and
equipment is here, including some not so usual ones.  Among the later,
a huge black oven against one wall, it must be at least 12 feet high.
   Opposite the oven is an equally enormous meat locker, large enough
to comfortably store several hapless adventurers no doubt.  In the middle
of the room, hanging in mid-air is a spice rack.

Name: Below The Trapdoor
Description: You are below the trapdoor.  It is very dark and dusty here, very
little light filters through from above.  A faint sound of dripping
water can be heard in the distance below.
   A rope ladder leads down.

Name: A Damp Intersection
Description: You are in a damp intersection of what seems to be the basement of
the tower.  The sound of running water can be heard coming from the
south, other than that, an almost tangible stillness fills the air.
   Passages lead off in all directions, and a ladder leads up.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: You are at the end of a dark passage which ends in a stout wooden door.
Other then through the door, the only apparent exit is back the way you
came.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: You are at the end of a dark passage.  A half opened door is to the
east, shedding soft light around the edges.  Faint snoring sounds can
be heard behind the door.
   Exits lead east through the door, or back west.

Name: The Stagnant Pool
Description: You are at the edge of a stagnant pool of water.  The smell here is quite
nauseating.  This is apparently where the denizens of the tower dispose of
their garbage.  Faint gurgling can be heard from beneath the surface of the
pool.
   Exits lead back north, or perhaps for the very adventurous, down into the
pool.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: You are in a dark passage, which comes to an abrupt stop at what appears
to be a cave-in to the west.  It is certainly unpassable, and perhaps quite
dangerous just being this close.
   The only exit leads back east.

Name: A Dark Cell
Description: You are in a dark cell.  Straw and dirt cover the floors here, it is
very dark.  Someone, or something seems to be chained to the far wall.
   The only exit is back south.

Name: The Jailor's office
Description: You are in the Jailor's office.  It is rather messy here.  Judging
by the sleeping form of the Jailor on duty, you can surmise that very
few, if any prisoners survive long enough to spend much time in these
dank dungeons.
   The only exit leads back west.

Name: Below The Stagnant Pool
Description: As you dive beneath the putrid waters, you feel a strong tug and a
whirlpool drags you under.  You are sucked into blackness.  You feel
your lungs burst from lack of oxygen.  Just as you feel your life fading,
you notice a change in direction... and are sucked under by a rip tide.

Name: The Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a faint
magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical glow
which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Store Room
Description: You are in a small store room.  Assorted junk is piled on shelves or
leaning against walls.
   The only apparent exit it back south.

Name: A Broom Closet
Description: You are in a dark broom closet.  Many straw brooms and other cleaning
instruments have been left here, apparently unused (perhaps the maid
quit?).
   The only exit leads back north to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: The Guardians' chamber
Description: You are in the chamber of the tower guardians.  It is rather sparsely
furnished, but then again the odd occupants don't look to need furniture.
Here and there a disembodied pair of hands or eyes flits about.

Name: A Guest Bedroom
Description: You are in a small guest bedroom.  A small cot is in one corner, and a
dusty mirror on one wall, other than that the room looks quite bare, and
unused.
   The only apparent exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: A Guest Bedroom
Description: You are in a comfortable looking bedroom.  A small globe of magical
energy floats overhead, providing light.  A small cot is in one corner
looking ever so comfortable, so comfortable in fact... someone is sleeping
in it.
   The only apparent exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: A hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading from the south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   Stairs lead up to the next level and the hallway leads back south.

Name: The Burnt Room
Description: You are in what looks to have once been a guest bed room.  The walls
are blackened and burnt by what you could only imagine to be magical fire.
There is no sign of the previous occupant, undoubtedly he left in a hurry.
   The only exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading west from here.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.  Some faint
moonlight can be seen in the cul de sac to the east.
   The hallway continues west and stairs lead down to the level below.

Name: A Cul De Sac
Description: You are in a small cul de sac.  A window to the east is letting in
moonlight and a pleasant breeze.  Through it, the surrounding country
side can be seen.
   The only apparent exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: The Apprentices' Barracks
Description: You are in the barracks of the apprentice magic users.  Here and there,
a young apprentice sits engrossed in magical study, or practicing a feeble
cantrip.  Cots line the walls, and the room continues west.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   There is a door to the north, and the hallway continues west or back
east.

Name: The Apprentices' Barracks
Description: You are in the barracks of the apprentice magic users.  Here and there,
a young apprentice sits engrossed in magical study, or practicing a feeble
cantrip.  Cots line the walls, and the room continues east.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.  Flashes of
light can be seen under the doorway to the north.

Name: The Apprentices' Workshop
Description: You are in a small workshop.  Writing implements and parchment are
strewn about on a few worktables.  In the far corner several young mages
have a small kitten cornered and seem to be testing spells upon it.
   The only apparent exit leads back south to the hallway.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical glow
which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues south and back east.

Name: The Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   There is a closed metal door to the west.

Name: A Classroom
Description: You are in a large classroom filled with bored looking students of the
art.  The instructor stops in his lecture on the fine uses of magic missile
at your entry and lunges to attack you.
   The only apparent exit is back east to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: An Empty Classroom
Description: You are in an empty classroom.  Some strange sigils are written on a
blackboard which is floating in the air here.  Other than a few desks,
it is bare of furnishings.
   The only apparent exit leads back east to the hallway.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical glow
which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues east and north.

Name: An Empty Classroom
Description: You are in an apparently empty classroom.  A strange feeling of being
watched comes over you, and you hear the faint rustle of robes.
   The only apparent exit is back east to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A sturdy iron door can be seen to the south.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   There is a large oaken door to the south.

Name: The Amphitheater
Description: You are in a small amphitheater.  Rows of comfortable looking chairs
circle a large podium.  The echos of your footsteps seem very loud here.
   The only apparent exit leads north to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow providing enough light to see by.
   A small door can be seen to the south.

Name: The Training Room
Description: You are in a large training room.  It is filled with battle scared
manikins, and many other devices used in the practice of fighting.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical glow
which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues north and west.

Name: A Dueling Room
Description: You are in a large room used for duals arcane.  The walls, ceiling and
floor all bare the scars of many fiery spells, but still look quite strong
and hold fast.
   The only exit leads north to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A doorway can be seen to the east.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A wooden door can been seen to the east.

Name: The Spellmasters' Lounge
Description: You are in a large comfortable looking lounge.  Off duty spell teachers
are here relaxing in their idle time.  A large coffee machine is against
the far wall.
   The only apparent exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: A Bedroom
Description: You are in a large, plush bedroom.  The owner is obviously someone of
high standing in the magical community here.  An ice mirror is on one wall,
and a scrying globe sit on a stand in the middle of the room.  An enormous
bed can be seen floating about a meter above the floor.
   The only exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow providing enough light to see by.
   A glass door can be seen to the east.

Name: The Study
Description: You are in a small, well kept study.  Ancient tomes are on shelves
on the walls, A huge table sits in the middle of the room, with maps
weighted down upon it.  The only light source here comes from an
interestingly non-magical oil lamp.
   The only apparent exit leads back west to the hallway.

Name: Below The Stairs
Description: You are at the end of a long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.  A lesser guardian is here
keeping silent watch on the entrance to the levels above.
   Stairs lead up and the hallway continues back south.

Name: Atop The Stairway
Description: You are atop a stairway.  The halls here look quite a bit less used than
those below.  Obviously access to these magic filled corridors is limited
to those of the upper echelon of mages.  The walls here emit a faint blue
magical aura which provides some light.
   The hallway leads west from here and the stairs go down.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway stretching east and west.  The walls here emit
a faint magical energy providing enough light to see by.
   There is a thick looking wooden door to the north.

Name: A Small Office
Description: You are in a small office.  It looks like a calligrapher's
study, there are quills, inkpots and parchments all about on
desks and worktables.
   A section to the west seems to be curtained off, but the
flicker of a candle can be seen through the curtain.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: The Master Scribe's Workshop
Description: You are in the workshop of the tower's master scribe.  Many half
finished scrolls lay on the writing table in the center of the room.
A giant candle flickering with soft blue flames provides the only
light here.
   The only apparent exit is the way you came in.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A half-closed door can be seen to the north.

Name: A Store Room
Description: You are in a small dark store room.  A few common items are stacked
upon the shelves here, but very little looks interesting.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues south and east from here.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   An iron bound door can be seen to the west.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The sharp sound of metal on metal can be heard to the west.

Name: A Store Room
Description: You are in a large store room.  Bins of ores, minerals and
other rare materials are here along with many neatly stacked
piles of precious metals.  The ring of metal on metal can be
heard to the south.  A large cabinet with sigils of warding
is bolted to one wall.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Very Hot Room
Description: You are in a very hot room.  Against one wall is a large forge, magical
fires crackle within and heavy blue smoke pours into a vent in the ceiling.
A rune-encrusted mithril anvil is in the center of the room, looking well
used.  Other tools of metallurgy hang on a rack which floats about three
meters in the air of its own force.

Name: The Master Enchanter's Chamber
Description: You have entered the Master Enchanter's chamber.  Upon all the walls
here are racks of finely crafted weapons.  A huge chest with a glowing
lock is set to one side.  Several unfinished looking blades rest atop a
small work table.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in a long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues north and east.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A steel door can be seen to the south.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Laboratory
Description: You are in a small laboratory.  Many strange instruments, vials, bottles
and some scrawled notes are piled about a workbench.  This room is very
untidy, looking almost abandoned, or used by a madman.
   The only apparent exits are east and north.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   You can see a steel door to the south.

Name: The Mad Alchemist's Workroom
Description: You are in the workroom of The Mad Alchemist.  Bubbling braziers,
long glass tubes and scores of oddly shaped vials and bottles are
everywhere.  It is incredibly messy here, crushed glass and other
trash litter the floor.
   The only apparent exit is the one you entered by.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in a long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues north and west.

Name: The Pentagram Chamber
Description: You are in a large room with a five pointed star etched into the
floor.  A crackling energy field can be seen to the south, it looks
quite dangerous.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A bronze door can be seen to the east.

Name: Inside The Energy Field
Description: You feel a stomach twisting sensation as you enter the energy field.
Nice going!  You might as well wait here until the wizard who built this
trap comes back to imprison your soul as well as your body.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A bronze door can be seen to the east.

Name: An Empty Room
Description: You are in an empty room.  It is both quiet and comfortable here, it
looks like a safe place to rest.

Name: The Charm Master's Chamber
Description: You are in the chambers of the tower's Master of Charm.  Some straw
and dirt litters the floor here, it looks to have been recently used by
wild animals.
   Strange sounds can be heard through the bars to the north.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: The Animal Pens
Description: You are in the animal pens.  Many caged animals are here looking unhappy.
Obviously they are destined to be enslaved, or used in some cruel magical
experimentation.

Name: The End Of The Hallway
Description: You are at the end of a long north-south hallway.  The walls emit
a faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   Stairs here lead up to the next level, and the hallway continues
south.

Name: Atop The Stairway
Description: You are atop the stairway to the upper levels of the high tower.  The
walls emit a faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A hallway leads west from here, and the stairs lead down.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A silver door can be seen to the north.

Name: A Store Room
Description: You are in a large store room.  Raw materials are neatly bundled and
piled here and here.  Many freshly cut staves rods and wands of different
sizes are here.
   You can see a silver door to the west.

Name: The Master Spellbinder's Chamber
Description: You are in the chambers of the Master Spellbinder.  Unlike other work
shops of similar nature, this one is without furnishings or tools.  The
spell binder obviously needs none for the working of his art.
   A silver door can be seen to the west.

Name: The Spellbinder's Cache
Description: You have discovered the cache of the Master Spellbinder.  There are
three very large silver chased cabinets here, other than that, the room
is bare.
   A silver door can be seen to the south.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A silver door can be seen to the north.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues east and south.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A rusty old door can be seen to the west.

Name: The Golem Master's Workshop
Description: You are in the golem master's workshop.  A few unfinished looking humanoid
forms of different make are here, some moving, some not.  The animated forms
lunge to attack you.

Name: A Store Room
Description: You are in a small store room.  Large chunks of clay, stone, wood and
many other raw materials are here.

Name: The Golem Chamber
Description: You are in the golem chamber.  Golems made of every imaginable material
are here, ranging in size from a hand-span to nearly the ceiling.  They all
seem to be sleeping.

Name: It Is Very Dark Here...
Description: It is very dark here...

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the long hallway.  The walls emit a faint magical
glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues north and east from here.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   An emerald door can be seen to the south.

Name: The Illusion Master's Chamber
Description: You are in the chamber of the Master of Illusions.  The walls here
are ever changing in colour and texture, as if they were reforming before
your very eyes.  Many splendorous treasures lie all around in heaps and
piles, or at least they seem to be treasures...

Name: A Bedroom
Description: You are in the bedroom of the Master of Illusions.  Strange looking
items and artifacts float here and there in the air.  The ripples of
strong magic can be felt everywhere.
   The room seems much larger than it looks...

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading east and west.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A glass door can be seen to the south.

Name: The Meditation Chamber
Description: You are in a meditation chamber.  It is very silent here, in fact
you can not even hear your own footsteps.
   You feel very peaceful.

Name: A Bend In The Hallway
Description: You are at a bend in the long hallway.  The walls emit a faint
magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   The hallway continues north and west from here.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.
   A blackened door can be seen to the east.

Name: A Dark Room
Description: You are in a large dark room.  The air here seems quite stale, and a
sense of extreme dread comes over you.  The stench of rotten flesh seems
to be wafting in from the open doorway to the north.

Name: A Dark Room
Description: You are in a large dark room.  The stench here makes you gag and retch.
There are body parts and half rotted corpses strewn about with complete
abandon.  Several operating tables with still forms that resemble nothing
you have ever seen alive are here.
   Tortured screams can be heard from the north.

Name: The Necromancer's Lair
Description: You are in the lair of the evil Necromancer.  Undead minions of all
types, human and otherwise stand here waiting to do their master's bidding.
Some glowing arcane sigils have been etched into walls and floor, no doubt
to protect the evil master from his own ungodly creations.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway leading north and south.  The walls emit a
faint magical glow which provides enough light to see by.

Name: The End Of The Hallway
Description: You are at the end of a long hallway.  The walls here glow with a faint
magical energy which provides plenty of light.
   Stairs lead up to the next level here and the hallway continues south.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You are at the east end of a long corridor.  Obsidian walls
engraved with ancient runes of power stretch out before you.
Magical energies seem to crackle with power all around and
whisper in tongues long forgotten, almost as if the corridor
itself were alive.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You are in a long corridor.  Obsidian walls engraved with ancient runes
of power stretch out before you.  Magical energies seem to crackle with
power all around and whisper in tongues long forgotten, almost as if the
corridor itself were alive.

Name: A Bend In The Corridor
Description: You are at a bend in the long corridor.  Obsidian walls engraved with
ancient runes of power stretch out before you.  Magical energies seem to
crackle with power all around and whisper in tongues long forgotten, almost
as if the corridor itself were alive.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You are in a long corridor leading north and south.  Obsidian walls
engraved with ancient runes of power stretch out before you.  Magical
energies seem to crackle with power all around and whisper in tongues
long forgotten, almost as if the corridor itself were alive.

Name: An Intersection
Description: You are at an intersection in the corridor.  The obsidian walled halls
lead off in every direction from here, pulsing with the power of their
ancient runes.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You are at the end of a long corridor.  Obsidian walls engraved with
ancient runes of power stretch out before you.  A darkened door is to the
east.  Tendrils of mist cling to the floor here, they seem to be seeping
from under the door.

Name: The Scrying Chamber
Description: You are in the scrying chamber of the high tower of sorcerery.  It is
here that arcane rituals are performed to enable those of the art to look
in upon denizens throughout the world and spy out their darkest secrets.
A huge black cauldron is in the center of the room, bubbling and gurgling,
it pours forth a constant stream of smokey fog into the air about you.  Here
and there on stands of different sizes are crystal balls and oddly shaped
mirrors.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You have reached an end in the long corridor.  Obsidian walls engraved
with ancient runes of power stretch out before you.  The sound of snoring
can barely be heard through the door to the west.

Name: The Entrance To The Library
Description: You are in the entrance to the great library of magic.  A giant desk is
here, covered with books parchments and scrolls.  Long shelves loaded with
row upon row of books stretch out in every direction as far as the eye can
see.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: In The Library
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  A strong musty smell permeates
the entire area.  Upon shelves which float just out of reach are hundreds
of books, tomes and scrolls of every possible shape size and colour.  The
elusive books seem to wink in and out of existence before your untrained
eyes.  It is very quiet here.

Name: Between The Shelves
Description: You are in the great library of magic.  The shelves seem uncomfortably
close here, you can barely maneuver between them.  The musty smell is still
strong, and the elusive books still hover just out of reach.
   A faint flicker of light can barely be made out to the north.

Name: The Reading Room
Description: You are in a small room completely devoid of furnishings.  The only thing
here is an enormous tome, lying face open on the floor.  The great book looks
both heavy and ancient.  Its jewel encrusted bindings are well worn as the
bark of a tree.  Spidery writings seem to crawls across the pages, totally
incomprehensible to your mortal eye.  Something seems to be wedged between
the pages.

Name: A Corridor
Description: You are in a long corridor leading north and south.  Obsidian walls
engraved with ancient runes of power stretch out before you.  Magical
energies seem to crackle with power all around and whisper in tongues
long forgotten, almost as if the corridor itself were alive.

Name: The End Of The Corridor
Description: You are at the end of a long corridor.  The obsidian walls come to an
abrupt halt at the edge of a golden archway here.  The hum of power is so
strong it nearly numbs your body.
   The archway lies before you, glowing and pulsing with energy.

Name: The Arched Entrance
Description: You feel a slight tingle as you pass through the archway, as if the living
magical energies here had infused your body, found it wanting and left.  The
intense glow from the arch above you is almost blinding.  Through the light
you can barely make out a stairway leading up.

Name: The Landing
Description: You are on a small landing in the middle of a long stairway leading up.
Your senses seem dulled here, no sound or smell can be detected at all, and
the only thing you can see in any direction is endless stairway.

Name: An Intersection
Description: You are at an intersection of several hallways.  You feel as if strange
mystical forces are pushing and pulling at each other from all around you.
The sensation of being trapped, in the middle is almost tangible in the air
here.
   A grey tiled hallway leads south, black tiled east, white tiled west,
and a multi-coloured hallway swirling with patterns that remain just barely
unrecognizable is to the north.

Name: A Grey Tiled Hallway
Description: You are in a grey tiled hallway leading north and south.  Dim balls
of energy float here and there shedding a warm light, and showing the
way.  A feeling of peace and balance comes over you.

Name: A Grey Tiled Hallway
Description: You are in a grey tiled hallway leading north and south.  Dim balls
of energy float here and there shedding a warm light, and showing the
way.  A feeling of peace and balance comes over you.
   Large, grey metal double doors can be seen to the south.

Name: The Antechamber
Description: You are in the antechamber of the Master Magician of the Grey Light.
A feeling of strong magic floats in the air about you, almost as if you
could taste the power held within these walls.
   Once your eyes adjust to the semi-light, you can make out a larger
room to the south.

Name: The Main Chamber
Description: A feeling of tranquility comes over you as you enter the main chamber
of Neutrality.  Some artifacts are hung on the walls here, or set on stands.
The room in general looks both comfortable and official.  Probably where the
Master of Neutrality holds audience.

Name: The Study
Description: You are in a large study.  Shelves filled with many books or arcane
knowledge are on every wall.  A large oaken desk is in the center, with
many parchments and scrolls on it.  The most notable thing in the room is
a small set of scales, which floats about eye level.  In perfect balance,
the scales are no doubt a sign of the Master's neutrality.

Name: A Closet
Description: You are in a small closet.  It is filled with many cloaks, and some
other apparel.

Name: A Bedroom
Description: You are in the bedroom of the Master Magician of Neutrality.
Curtained windows can be seen on the south wall.  A large
comfortable looking bed takes up most of the room.

Name: A Dark Hallway
Description: You are in a long dark hallway leading east and west.  Not much can
be seen in the unnatural darkness here, but you get a deep sense of dread
the further you go.

Name: A Dark Hallway
Description: You are in a long dark hallway leading east and west.  Not much can
be seen in the unnatural darkness here, but you get a deep sense of dread
the further you go.

Name: The End Of The Hallway
Description: You are at the end of a long dark hallway.  The darkness here is almost
tangible in its thickness.  A deep sense of fear and loathing comes over
you.
   A pair of obsidian doors can be seen to the east.

Name: The Chamber Of Darkness
Description: You are in a vast chamber.  The walls fade into darkness, leaving you
with a very vague idea of the actual size of the room.  Swirling here and
there in the dark, are patches of pure black which seem to suck in your
light and leave it that much darker here.

Name: It Is Very Dark Here...
Description: It is very dark here...

Name: A Torture Chamber
Description: You are in an ill lit chamber.  Instruments of torture hang from a rack
on the wall, they seem to quiver with anticipation of a victim as if they
had a mind of their own.  An operating table is here, though it is bare.
   An extreme feeling of evil permeates the entire area.

Name: The Inner Chamber
Description: You are in a small dark chamber.  Upon the walls are glowing sigils of
dark power, scrawled and traced in an evil language no longer known to most
of this plane of existence.  There is an obsidian altar here which seems to
glow, but does not shed any light, in fact it seems to be taking light in.

Name: A Bright Hallway
Description: You are in a long well lit hallway leading east and west.  The walls
here are a milky white colour, and glow with a warm luminescence, as does
the floor.  A feeling of goodness permeates the area, and you feel unworthy
to tread upon these sacred floors.

Name: A Bright Hallway
Description: You are in a long well lit hallway leading east and west.  The walls
here are a milky white colour, and glow with a warm luminescence, as does
the floor.  A feeling of goodness permeates the area, and you feel unworthy
to tread upon these sacred floors.
   A huge set of double doors in finely worked ivory can be seen to the
west.

Name: An Antechamber
Description: You are in a small antechamber.  It is well lit here, though the source
of light cannot be seen.  It is almost as if the room itself exudes a warm
glow of goodness.  A larger chamber can be seen to the west, but you do not
feel worthy to pass into it.

Name: The Chamber Of The White Light
Description: You are in a vast chamber, its walls floor and ceiling are of an
unknown metallic material, the brightest white, almost blindingly stark.
A flickering flame is in the center of the room, seeming to feed off of
darkness and cleansing the room of any evil.  You feel a slight tug at
your being as the flame flickers towards you.

Name: The Meditation Chamber
Description: You are in a small meditation chamber.  White silk cushions are
everywhere, looking very comfortable.  You get an easy peaceful
feeling of relaxation here, almost making you want to lie down and
fall asleep.

Name: A Study
Description: You are in a spacious study.  It is extremely tidy here, to an almost
antiseptic nature.  One would wonder how anyone could study without a
mess all around them, the master of this chamber obviously can.

Name: A Closet
Description: You are in a small closet.  Cloaks and vests hang from hooks in
the wall, and a few old boots are all that can be seen here.  Rather
featureless all in all.

Name: A Wide Hallway
Description: You are in a large hallway, wide enough to accommodate several people
standing abreast.  The floor here is a swirl of multicoloured patterns, in
constant motion.
   A huge, grey metal door blocks the way north, it looks quite sturdy.

Name: A Wide Hallway
Description: You are in a large hallway, wide enough to accommodate several people
standing abreast.  The floor here is a swirl of multicoloured patterns, in
constant motion.
   A huge, black obsidian door blocks the way north, it looks quite sturdy.

Name: A Wide Hallway
Description: You are in a large hallway, wide enough to accommodate several people
standing abreast.  The floor here is a swirl of multicoloured patterns, in
constant motion.
   A huge, white ivory door blocks the way north, it looks quite sturdy.

Name: The Entranceway
Description: You are at the entrance to the audience chamber of the Grand Master of
Magic.  Beautiful tapestries displaying the ancient masters of lore are on
the walls, and the floor is covered with a plush multicoloured carpet, which
seems to rustle and move at the touch of your boots.

Name: The Audience Chamber
Description: You are in a large chamber.  Small bolts of energy leap from wall to
wall, crackling with power.  The floor is a swirl of indeterminable colours
and patterns ever changing.  Bright bursts of colour seem to explode into
the air and fade again at random times.  All this splendor plays about and
draws attention to a large throne in the center of the room, it seems to be
cut from a single enormous emerald.

Name: A Dressing Room
Description: You are in a plush dressing room.  Fine garments of many styles and some
outlandish colours hang from a rack suspended in mid air at eye level.  The
only other interesting feature in the room is a large silver mirror on a
finely crafted gold stand.

Name: The Library
Description: You are in a small cosy looking library.  A few well made books sit atop
shelves which span every wall.  A large oaken writing table is in the center
of the room with odd papers and parchments on it.  The illumination here,
to your surprise is a quite un-magical oil lamp.

Name: The Altar
Description: You are in a small chapel designed around a beautifully crafted golden
altar.  Many icons to lesser deities line the room, but it is obvious by
one glance at the symbols on the altar, that this room was designed for
the worship of Mystra, the goddess of magic.

Name: The Treasury
Description: You are in a small chamber, the stale air here is testament to the fact
that it has gone undisturbed for many years.

Name: A Passage
Description: You are in a small dark passage, which would be unremarkable if not for
the fact that it ends in a blinding blue light to the west.  On hooks set
into the wall here there hang several travel worthy cloaks, and a small
leather backpack.  It looks as if someone has prepared this room to be used
in the event speedy of a evacuation.

Name: In The Light
Description: You seem to be floating in a magical energy field, though you cannot
see the source of the energy, you can feel its power pushing at you from
all sides, completely negating the effects of gravity.
   An imperfection in the uniform blue can be seen overhead, it might be
an exit.

Name: The Reading Room
Description: You are in a small, simple room which is mostly empty, save a few
wooden desks and benches.  To the east you hear the bustle of the Temple
of Midgaard, a sharp contrast to the relative quiet of this peaceful
room.

Name: The Temple Of Midgaard
Description: You are in the southern end of the temple hall in the Temple of Midgaard.
The temple has been constructed from giant marble blocks, eternal in
appearance, and most of the walls are covered by ancient wall paintings
picturing Gods, Giants and peasants.
   Large steps lead down through the grand temple gate, descending the huge
mound upon which the temple is built and ends on the temple square below.
To the west, you see the Reading Room.  The donation room is in a small
alcove to your east.

Name: The Clerics' Inner Sanctum
Description: This is the inner sanctum.  A picture of the mighty Thor, is hanging on
the wall, just above the altar which is set against the western wall.  A well
in the middle of the floor leads down into darkness.  Vile smells waft from
the depths.

Name: The Bar Of Divination
Description: The bar is one of the finest in the land, lucky it is members only.  Fine
furniture is set all around the room.  A small sign is hanging on the wall.

Name: The Entrance To The Clerics' Guild
Description: The entrance hall is a small modest room, reflecting the true nature of
the Clerics.  The exit leads east to the temple square.  A small entrance to
the bar is in the northern wall.

Name: The Temple Square
Description: You are standing on the temple square.  Huge marble steps lead up to the
temple gate.  The entrance to the Clerics' Guild is to the west, and the old
Grunting Boar Inn, is to the east.  Just south of here you see the market
square, the center of Midgaard.

Name: The Entrance Hall Of The Grunting Boar Inn
Description: You are standing in the entrance hall of the Grunting Boar Inn.  The hall
has been wisely decorated with simple, functional furniture.  The heavy smell
of dust and aging paper drifts in from the Post Office to the north.  A small
staircase leads up to the reception and the bar is to the east.

Name: The Grunting Boar
Description: You are standing in the bar.  The bar is set against the northern wall, old
archaic writing, carvings and symbols cover its top.  A fireplace is built into
the western wall, and through the southeastern windows you can see the temple
square.  This place makes you feel like home.
A small sign with big letters is fastened to the bar.

Name: The Reception
Description: You are standing in the reception.  The staircase leads down to the
entrance hall.  An exit to the north leads to the Cryogenic Center.
There is a small sign on the counter.

Name: The Bakery
Description: You are standing inside the small bakery.  A sweet scent of Danish and
fine bread fills the room.  The bread and Danish are arranged in fine order
on the shelves, and seem to be of the finest quality.
A small sign is on the counter.

Name: The General Store
Description: You are inside the general store.  All sorts of items are stacked on shelves
behind the counter, safely out of your reach.
A small note hangs on the wall.

Name: The Weapon Shop
Description: You are inside the weapon shop.  There is a small note on the counter.

Name: Main Street
Description: You are at the end of the main street of Midgaard.  South of here is the
entrance to the Guild of Magic Users.  The street continues east towards the
market square.  The magic shop is to the north and to the west is the city
gate.

Name: Main Street
Description: You are on the main street passing through the City of Midgaard.  South of
here is the entrance to the Armory, and the bakery is to the north.  East of
here is the market square.

Name: Market Square
Description: You are standing on the market square, the famous Square of Midgaard.
A large, peculiar looking statue is standing in the middle of the square.
Roads lead in every direction, north to the temple square, south to the
common square, east and westbound is the main street.

Name: Main Street
Description: You are on the main street crossing through town.  To the north is the
general store, and the main street continues east.  To the west you see and
hear the market place, to the south a small door leads into the Pet Shop.

Name: Main Street
Description: The main street, to the north is the weapon shop and to the south is the
Guild of Swordsmen.  To the east you leave town and to the west the street
leads to the market square.

Name: The Entrance To The Mages' Guild
Description: The entrance hall to this guild is a small, poor lighted room.

Name: The Mages' Bar
Description: The bar is one of the weirdest in the land.  Mystical images float around
the air.  Illusions of fine furniture appear all around the room.

Name: The Mages' Laboratory
Description: This is the Magical Experiments Laboratory.  Dark smoke-stained stones
arch over numerous huge oaken tables, most of these cluttered with strange-
looking pipes and flasks.  The floor is covered with half-erased pentagrams
and even weirder symbols, and a blackboard in a dark corner has only been
partially cleaned, some painful-looking letters faintly visible.  A well in
the middle of the floor leads down into darkness.  Vile smells waft from the
depths.

Name: The Armory
Description: The armory with all kinds of armors on the walls and in the window.  You
see helmets, shields and chain mails.  To the north is the main street.
On the wall is a small note.

Name: The Entrance Hall To The Guild Of Swordsmen
Description: The entrance hall to the Guild of Swordsmen.  A place where one has to be
careful not to say something wrong (or right).  To the east is the bar and to
the north is the main street.

Name: The Bar Of Swordsmen
Description: The bar of swordsmen, once upon a time beautifully furnished.  But now the
furniture is all around you in small pieces.  To the south is the yard, and
to the west is the entrance hall.

Name: The Tournament And Practice Yard
Description: This is the practice yard of the fighters.  To the north is the bar.
A well leads down into darkness.

Name: The Eastern End Of Poor Alley
Description: You are at the poor alley.  South of here is the Grubby Inn and to the
east you see common square.  The alley continues further west.

Name: The Common Square
Description: The common square, people pass you, talking to each other.  To the west is
the poor alley and to the east is the dark alley.  To the north, this square
is connected to the market square.  From the south you notice a nasty smell.

Name: The Dark Alley
Description: The dark alley, to the west is the common square and to the south is the
Guild of Thieves.  The alley continues east.

Name: The Entrance Hall To The Guild Of Thieves
Description: The entrance hall to the thieves' and assassins' guild.  A place where you
can lose both your life and your money, if you are not careful.  To the north
is the dark alley and to the east is the thieves' bar.

Name: The Thieves' Bar
Description: The bar of the thieves.  Once upon a time this place was beautifully
furnished, but now it seems almost empty.  To the south is the yard, and to
the west is the entrance hall.
   (Maybe the furniture has been stolen?!)

Name: The Secret Yard
Description: The secret practice yard of thieves and assassins.  To the north is the
bar.  A well leads down into darkness.

Name: The Dump
Description: The dump, where the people from the city drop their garbage.  Through the
garbage you can see a large junction of pipes, looks like the entrance to the
sewer system.  North of here you see the common square.

Name: The Pet Shop
Description: The Pet Shop is a small crowded store, full of cages and animals of
various sizes.  There is a sign on the wall.

Name: Pet Shop Store
Description: This  is the small dark room in which the Pet shop keeps his pets.
It is vital that this room's virtual number is exactly one larger
than the Pet Shop number.

Name: The Magic Shop
Description: Behind the counter you see various items, neatly placed in racks,
presumably most of them are magic.

Name: Inside The West Gate Of Midgaard
Description: You are by two small towers that have been built into the city wall and
connected with a footbridge across the heavy wooden gate.  Main Street leads
east and Wall Road leads south from here.

Name: Inside The East Gate Of Midgaard
Description: You are by two small towers that have been built into the city wall and
connected with a footbridge across the heavy wooden gate.  Main Street leads
west from here.  To the south you see the Water Shop.

Name: Wall Road
Description: You are walking next to the western city wall.  The road continues further
south and the city gate is just north of here.

Name: Wall Road
Description: You are walking next to the western city wall.  Wall Road continues further
north and south.  A small, poor alley leads east.
Some letters have been written on the wall here.

Name: Poor Alley
Description: You are on Poor Alley, which continues further east.  You see the
city wall to the west.

Name: The Dark Alley At The Levee
Description: You are standing in the alley which continues east and west.  South of
here you see the levee.

Name: The Eastern End Of The Alley
Description: You are standing at the eastern end of the alley, the city wall is just
east, blocking any further movement.  A small warehouse is directly south of
here.

Name: Wall Road
Description: You are standing on the road next to the western city wall, which
continues north.  South of here is a bridge across the river.

Name: Grubby Inn
Description: You are inside the old Grubby Inn.  This place has not been cleaned for
several decades; vile smells make you dizzy.

Name: The Levee
Description: You are at the levee.  South of here you see the river gently flowing west.
The river bank is very low making it possible to enter the river.

Name: The Deserted Warehouse
Description: You are inside the warehouse.  The room is decorated with various old
items from ships.

Name: On The Bridge
Description: You are standing on the stone bridge crosses the river.  The bridge is
built out from the western city wall and the river flows west through an
opening in the wall ten feet below the bridge.

Name: Outside The West Gate Of Midgaard
Description: You are by two small towers that have been built into the city wall and
connected with a footbridge across the heavy wooden gate.  To the west you
can see the edge of a big forest.

Name: Outside The East Gate Of Midgaard
Description: You are by two small towers that have been built into the city wall and
connected with a footbridge across the heavy wooden gate.  To the east the
plains stretch out in the distance.

Name: By The Temple Altar
Description: You are by the temple altar in the northern end of the Temple of
Midgaard.  A huge altar made from white polished marble is standing
in front of you and behind it is a ten foot tall sitting statue of
Odin, the King of the Gods.
   To the north, steps lead out the back of the temple towards the
countryside.

Name: Odin's Store
Description: This is the small dark room in which Odin keeps the player items that he
takes care of.  It is vital that this room's virtual number is exactly one
larger than the room by the temple altar.

Name: Ye Olde Water Shoppe
Description: You are standing in the center of a small wooden shop whose walls are
covered with racks upon racks of water jugs.  Several large barrels with
spigots are stacked in the corner.

Name: Behind The Temple Altar
Description: You are on a dirt path leading away from the Temple Altar which is south
of here.  To the north, the path continues through the lush contryside of
Midgaard towards the Dragonhelm Mountains far off to the north.

Name: The Great Field Of Midgaard
Description: You are walking on a wide dirt path through the lush, green, fresh
Midgaard countryside.  You can see to the horizon to the north, east,
and west; the busy city of Midgaard lies to the south.  All around you
is healthy green grass and an occasional large oak tree.  The sun feels
wonderful on your face and a pleasant wind blows through your hair.  Birds
chirp quietly to themselves and you can smell the faint scent of flowers
and freshly cut grass.  You feel like you could lie down in the grass and
stay here forever, surrounded by powerful beauty in all directions.
   The path you are on continues north through the field and south back
to Midgaard.

Name: The Great Field Of Midgaard
Description: You are walking on a wide dirt path through the lush, green, fresh
Midgaard countryside.  You can see to the horizon to the north, east,
and west; the busy city of Midgaard lies to the south.  All around you
is healthy green grass and an occasional large oak tree.  The sun feels
wonderful on your face and a pleasant wind blows through your hair.  Birds
chirp quietly to themselves and you can smell the faint scent of flowers
and freshly cut grass.  You feel like you could lie down in the grass and
stay here forever, surrounded by powerful beauty in all directions.
   There is a strange structure on the eastern side of the path.  A small
dirt path splits off of the main path and leads off to the west.

Name: The Post Office
Description: You are in the central post office for Midgaard.  Piles of assorted mail
lay untouched in the corners, collecting cobwebs.  Several large crates have
been pried open by curious customs agents, and are now stacked along the west
wall, hiding plenty of 'WANTED' posters.
There is a sign posted on the wall here.

Name: The Midgaard Donation Room
Description: You are in a small, undecorated room just off of the main temple.  There
are a couple of small wooden benches here where people occasionally sit
while they wait for items to appear.  The temple is to the west.

Name: The Cryogenic Center
Description: You are standing in an impossible white sterile room with cylindrical
body-length canisters lined up against the walls.  The Reception is to the
south.

Name: The Great Field Of Midgaard
Description: You are walking on a wide dirt path through the lush, green, fresh
Midgaard countryside.  You can see to the horizon to the north, east,
and west; the busy city of Midgaard lies to the south.  All around you
is healthy green grass and an occasional large oak tree.  The sun feels
wonderful on your face and a pleasant wind blows through your hair.  Birds
chirp quietly to themselves and you can smell the faint scent of flowers
and freshly cut grass.  You feel like you could lie down in the grass and
stay here forever, surrounded by powerful beauty in all directions.
   The way north appears to be blocked by a large plot device and you cannot
see any way around it.

Name: The Dirt Path
Description: You are walking along a narrow dirt path through the lush, green,
fresh Midgaard countryside.  You can see to the horizon to the north
and east; the busy city of Midgaard lies to the south.  All around
you is healthy green grass and an occasional large oak tree.  The sun
feels wonderful on your face and a pleasant wind blows through your
hair.  Birds chirp quietly to themselves and you can smell the faint
scent of flowers and freshly cut grass.  You feel like you could lie
down in the grass and stay here forever, surrounded by powerful beauty
in all directions.
   There is a large rusty gate sitting in a stone archway just to the
west.

Name: The Northwest End Of The Concourse
Description: You are at the concourse, the city wall is just west.  A small promenade
goes east, and the bridge is just north of here.  The concourse continues
south along the city wall.

Name: The Promenade
Description: The river gently flows westwards just north of here.  The promenade
continues further east and to the west you see the city wall.  Park Road
leads south from here.

Name: The Promenade
Description: The river gently flows westwards just north of here.  The promenade
continues both east and west.  South of here you see the entrance to
the park, and a small building seems to be just west of the entrance.

Name: The Promenade
Description: The river gently flows westwards just north of here.  The promenade
continues both east and west.  A small path leads south.  Looking across
the river you see the levee.

Name: The Northeast End Of The Concourse
Description: You are at the Concourse.  The city wall is just east and a small
promenade goes west.  Looking across the river you see a building that
resembles a warehouse.  The Concourse continues south along the city
wall.

Name: The Park Entrance
Description: You are standing just inside the small park of Midgaard.  To the north is
the promenade and a small path leads south into the park.  To your east is
the famous Park Cafe.

Name: Park Cafe
Description: You are inside Park Cafe, a very cozy place with many tables and
seats where you can relax and enjoy the view.  To the east you can
see the entrance to the park.

Name: A Small Path In The Park
Description: You are walking along a small path through the park.  The path continues
south and east.

Name: A Small Path In The Park
Description: You are standing on a small path inside the park.  The park entrance is
just north of here, and Park Cafe is just east of the entrance.  The path
leads further east and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Park
Description: You are on a small path running through the park.  It continues west and
south and just north of here you see the southern wall of Park Cafe.

Name: Cityguard HeadQuarters
Description: You are inside a tidy office.

Name: Park Road
Description: The road continues north and south.  A building is just west of here, you
notice a sign on the door.  The park entrance is to the east.

Name: The Western Park Entrance
Description: You are standing at the western end of the park.  A small path leads east
into the park and going west through the entrance you will reach Park Road.

Name: A Path In The Park
Description: You are in the park.  The paths lead north and west.  Westward is the
park entrance and to the east you see a small pond.

Name: The Pond
Description: You are swimming around in the pond, feeling rather stupid.  You can get
back on the path from the eastern and western end of the pond.

Name: A Path In The Park
Description: You are in the park.  The paths lead north and east.  Eastward is the
park entrance and to the west you see a small pond.

Name: The Eastern Park Entrance
Description: You are standing at the eastern end of the park.  A small path leads west
into the park.  Going east through the entrance you will reach Emerald
Avenue.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are standing on the north end of Emerald Avenue.  To the north is the
promenade and to the west is the park entrance.  To the east is the not very
big Town Hall of Midgaard.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are on Park Road which leads north and south.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are standing at a bend on Emerald Avenue.  The road leads north and
west.

Name: The Road Crossing
Description: You are in the middle of the road cross.  Roads lead in all directions.
A huge black iron chain as thick as a tree trunk is fastened into the ground
at the center of the road cross.  Its other end leads directly upwards towards
the sky.
A road sign is here.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are standing at a bend on Emerald Avenue.  The road leads south and
east.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are on Park Road which leads south and north.  Elm Street is east of
here.

Name: Elm Street
Description: You are on Elm street.  Park Road is to the west and Elm Street continues
in eastward direction.

Name: The End Of Elm Street
Description: You are at the end of Elm Street.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are on Emerald Avenue which continues north.  The Concourse is south
of here.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are on Park Road which continues north.  The Concourse is south of
here.

Name: On The Concourse
Description: You are at the southwest corner of the city wall.  The Concourse leads
both north and east.

Name: On The Concourse
Description: The Concourse continues both east and west.  Emerald Avenue is north of
here.

Name: On The Concourse
Description: The Concourse continues both east and west.  Park Road is north of here
and an iron grate leads south to the graveyard.

Name: On The Concourse
Description: You are at the southeast corner of the city wall.  The Concourse leads
both north and west.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are at Park Road which continues north and south.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are at Emerald Avenue which continues north and south.  Penny Lane leads
east from here.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are standing at a bend on Emerald Avenue.  To the east the road goes on
and to the south is the Road Crossing.

Name: Emerald Avenue
Description: You are standing at a bend on Emerald Avenue.  To the west the road goes on
and to the north is the Road Crossing.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are at a bend on Park Road.  To the north the road goes on and to the
east is the Road Crossing.

Name: Park Road
Description: You are at a bend on Park Road.  To the south the road goes on and to the
west is the Road Crossing.

Name: The Waiting Room
Description: You are standing in the waiting room at the town hall.  Wooden chairs stand
along the walls and a long desk with a typewriter is placed in the middle of
the room.

Name: The Mayor's Office
Description: You are in the not very big office of the Mayor of Midgaard.  A large and
polished but completely empty desk is standing in front of an armchair that
looks so comfortable that it most of all resembles a bed with the head end
raised slightly.

Name: Penny Lane
Description: You are on Penny Lane.  Emerald Avenue is to the west and Penny Lane
continues in eastward direction.

Name: Penny Lane
Description: You are on Penny Lane.  The narrow road continues north and west.

Name: The End Of Penny Lane
Description: You are at the end of Penny Lane.  The only exit appears to be south.

Name: A Gravel Road In The Graveyard
Description: You are on a well-kept gravel road that leads north-south through the
graveyard.  On both sides of the road grow dark evergreen trees.  An iron
grate is to the north.

Name: A Gravel Road In The Graveyard
Description: You are on a well-kept gravel road that leads north-south through the
graveyard.  On both sides of the road grow dark evergreen trees.

Name: A Gravel Road In The Graveyard
Description: You are on a well-kept gravel road that leads north-south through the
graveyard.  On both sides of the road grow dark evergreen trees.

Name: A Gravel Road In The Graveyard
Description: You are on a well-kept gravel road that leads north-south through the
graveyard.  On both sides of the road grow dark evergreen trees.

Name: In Front Of The Chapel
Description: You are on an open space before a small chapel.  A gravel road leads north
through the graveyard and the chapel entrance is to the south.

Name: Inside The Chapel
Description: You are in a small, dark chapel.  The dark brown glass in the tiny windows
do not let much light through.  A few rows of worn wooden benches stand here
and an ancient altar sits in the middle of the floor.

Name: Under The Bridge
Description: The arch under the bridge is covered by seaweed about a foot above the
surface of the river.  The water gently flows through an opening in the lower
part of the city wall.

Name: On The River
Description: North of here you see the miserable buildings of Poor Alley.  The
river flows west towards the bridge.  The riverbanks are too steep to
climb.

Name: On The River
Description: North of here you see the dump.  The river flows from east to west.  The
riverbanks are too steep to climb.

Name: On The River
Description: The levee is directly north of here.  The river flows in an east west
direction.

Name: On The River
Description: You see the warehouse on the northern riverbank.  East of here you see the
city wall.  The river flows west towards the levee.

Name: On The River
Description: The river enters from a hole in the eastern city wall.  The hole has been
blocked by several vertically positioned iron bars set into the wall.

Name: A Scraggly Trail
Description: This trail slopes up and away from the main road to 
the west.  At points the trail seems to fade into 
obscurity against the grey stone and near-grey mountain 
grass prevalent here.  The trail leads generally eastward 
and up higher into the rocky ground.  There is a sign 
here, seemingly out-of-place in this rough country.

Name: A Scraggly Trail
Description: What could barely be called a trail leads west back 
down the mountainside, and down into a very small valley 
where a small house sits in the middle of a well-groomed 
yard.  The door to the house is open and inviting, 
welcoming you for a visit.

Name: A Groomed Path
Description: You are standing in the western end of a very, very 
small valley, just about room enough for the one house 
standing to your east.  You can see from here that the 
door to the cozy cottage is open and inviting, but the 
interior seems very dark.  A path bordered by shrubberies 
leads up to the structure, and ends where you are 
standing; right by the easiest path back up into the 
mountains.

Name: Outside A House
Description: The path you are on leads from the front door of the
cottage to your east, to the edge of the small valley
to the west.  The building seems quiet...almost too
quiet.  A small voice in the back of your head, the
same voice that has saved your life on countless
occasions, seems to be telling you that something is
very, very wrong here.

Name: The Smithery
Description: Devastation greets your eyes.
   The forge has been blasted apart, along with most of 
the back door.  Hammers, tongs, and anvils lie about in 
one gigantic mess, and the smith's bed smoulders yet.  
This place has been utterly wrecked and blasted apart, by 
more than one man you would think from all the tracks in 
the dust...

Name: A Small Garden
Description: This garden was probably once kept orderly and weedless.
Unfortunately, it seems someone has been careless with a
fireball.  There is nothing here now but blast-marks and
ashes, and the remains of a trail leading to the east edge
of this tiny valley.

Name: Mountain Ridge
Description: You are standing on a ridge in the mountains, just east
of a very small valley.  You spot a tiny cottage sitting 
in the center of the valley, and the ridge continues 
south.  Looking at the sheer drops to the north and west, 
you consider not taking those directions.

Name: The Mountain Ridge
Description: The mountain range continues north from here, and 
widens out into a small plateau just to your south.  Going
east and west from here would be a bad idea, considering 
the steepness of the drop.  From this height, you have a 
fairly good panoramic view to the south, including what 
appears to be a small mountain village to your south and 
west, and a tall, ominous peak westwards from here.

Name: The Diverging Paths
Description: You are standing on a small plateau in the mountains, 
just south of a ridge that leads northwards through the 
rocky area.  To the east, south, and west are gentle 
slopes leading down into different areas of the mountains.
   A giant, dark peak looks down over you to the west, 
looking quite spooky indeed!

Name: A Steep Slope
Description: This slopes leads down and to the west from here.  Up 
above, you see a plateau at the southern end of a long 
mountain ridge.  Surpisingly, there seems to be signs of 
traffic in this area, leading into the large depression 
here.  The going looks somewhat dangerous, and you decide 
to exercise a little caution.

Name: A Small Plateau
Description: You are standing upon another mini-plateau, bordered by
a sheer wall of rock to the north.  You can climb up the 
slope to the east, or continue along the flat area to the 
west.  Another slope leads downwards to the south, looking
unsafe but climbable.

Name: A Small Plateau
Description: This plateau ends here, with a steep drop-off to the 
south, and a solid wall of rock to the north.  Eastwards 
the plateau continues, and you think you can climb up the 
steep rocky slope just west of here.  You are afforded a 
good view of the lower regions of this depression, and you
think you spot what might be a cave south and down from 
here...

Name: A Rocky Slope
Description: This slope is fairly treacherous, but looks to be 
somewhat safer to the north.  East the slope leads down 
to a small plateau that also looks considerably safer 
than your other choices.  The shale under your feet 
slips badly, and you are almost thrown off balance; 
this is no place to be without mountaineering equipment.

Name: The Overlook
Description: You are standing on a point outcropping with a 
beautiful view of the mountains to the north.  Far 
below, you see what appears to be a foot-path climb 
up to the central mountain, a peak that looks dark 
and disturbing.  You get very bad vibes from that 
mountain for some reason, and it doesn't seem like 
a very good idea to try to find a way to get there.
   The only safe way to leave this overlook is to 
the south.

Name: A Rocky Slope
Description: You slip and slide your way across the steep ground, 
trying desperately to keep your balance.  You can climb 
up to a small plateau to the north from here, or carefully
head down to the floor of the depression to the west.  
You're not sure which is safer...

Name: The Depression Floor
Description: A small path leads south here, away from the rocky 
slope leading up to the east.  A small spring burbles 
here, evidently the cause of much of the traffic.  
Looking up, you see sheer rock walls surrounding much 
of the depression, making an effective fortress of
this place.

Name: The Depression Floor
Description: The small path you are standing on leads north, and
east into what appears to be a large cave hollowed out
of the mountainside.  The whole place seems quiet, too
quiet in fact.  Your little adventurer's intuition is
busily warning you of traps.

Name: A Cave Entrance
Description: A cave leads into the heart of the mountainside, well-
lit by sconces upon the walls.  A large rock sits by 
the side here, near a small firepit.  Debris litters the 
area; rabbit bones, half of a broken whetstone, and random
litter.  The ground is devoid of grass, and well trodden 
by many pairs of boots.  Strange that someone should live 
so deep in the mountains...

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: You are near the entrance of the cave.  The outside 
light streams in from the west, accompanied by a slight 
breeze, making the flames in the sconces flutter a bit
and throw stange shadows upon the walls.  This passageway 
heads north and south from here, each way seeming dark and
stuffy compared to outdoors.  From the tracks in the 
floor, you guess that the north is the more used.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The passage turns here, one end leading south, towards 
the cave's entrance, and east -- that much deeper into the
mountain.  The light sconces keep the area bright enough 
to see, but not nearly bright enough for you to be quite 
comfortable in this strange place.  From far off you hear 
the echoes of what sound to be voices.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: This twisty passage leads east and west from here.  
Eastwards you hear the unmistakable sounds of low 
voices.  The echoes seem to be playing funny effects 
on you, however, and you are not sure  from how far 
off these voices might be coming.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The passage you are standing in turns west and south 
from here.  One of the sconces here is out, making this 
area extremely dark and hard to see in.  You do see lights
from the south, however, seemingly brighter than the 
sconces you've seen along the walls so far.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: This is a T-intersection in the cave passageway, the 
north leading back towards the cave's entrance (you 
think!), the west leading towards a well-lighted area.  
Eastwards the passageway continues into the shadowy 
recesses of the mountain uninvitingly.  The echoes of 
voices are confusing you a bit, and you are not sure 
whether you should try to remain quiet or not.

Name: A Cave
Description: Many sconces line the walls here, casting light on 
some weapon racks and chests of armor.  Everything
is neat, orderly, and actually well-dusted.  Someone
cares for these items...frequently it seems.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The passageway you are in leads south and west from 
here.  Many large stones and rocks are on the floor of the
cave, making walking difficult in the dim light from the 
sconces on the walls.  You hear the continued echo of 
voices, seemingly fainter now.  Must be the strange 
acoustics of this place...

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The cave twists around like a coiled snake, leading 
east and north from here.  You begin to wonder if your 
orientations are still correct.  That worries you for
some reason.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: You can head north and west through the cave passageways
here, both ways dimly lit by the ever-present sconces on 
the walls.  The echoes you heard earlier seem to be getting
louder, and seem to be coming from the northern passage.  
You feeled a bit chilled from the cooled cave air and 
shiver a bit in the faint whisper of a breeze.  This place 
is a little too eerie and dark to be comfortable in.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The echoes are growing louder, and seem to be coming 
from the northern end of this corridor.  Southwards you 
see the tunnel continue right before yet another bend in 
the passagway.  You spot a small piece of red cloth torn 
against a sharp rock jutting out from the passage's side.  
It looks like silk, very nice in fact.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The main passageway leads south from here, and a smaller
cave tunnel leads away to the west.  Two large boulders 
sit against the wall, wiped clean of dirt and grime.  A 
paper food wrapper has been trodden under several pairs of 
feet here; at best guess, you'd say this would probably be 
a guard post.

Name: The End Of The Passageway
Description: The cave passageway ends abruptly here to the north in a
large wooden door set into the stone walls.  The craftsmanship
is superb!  You can also head back to the main passage to the
west, where there seems to be more light than here.  An echo
from down the passage makes you wonder for a moment if you are
being followed, but you see nothing there...

Name: A Cavern
Description: This natural cavern has been turned into a combination 
office/storeroom.  A small brook rushes through the south 
wall, and flows back into the west wall through a tiny 
hole.  Boxes and crates are stacked against the walls, and 
a beat up oaken desk stands near the door stacked with 
papers written upon by an unsteady hand.  Some large 
lanterns keep the place very well lighted.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: You are standing south of the main entrance to this 
cave.  The passage you are in continues south, very badly 
lit along its length by the sconces lining the walls 
every fifteen feet or so.  From somewhere deep in the 
recesses of the cave, you hear a faint, rhythmic thumping 
sound distorted by the passage's strange acoustics.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: You are standing at the southern bend of this passage,
able to head east and north from here.  The rock around you
echoes the sound of far-off pounding to you, making the
place seem somehow alive, with a heartbeat.  This place
is fairly eerie, now that you come to think of it.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The passageway makes a U-turn here, heading north and
westwards to the other side of the 'U'.  The air seems
humid and hard to breathe.  Some algae grows near the
floor in the slick spots, giving a definite subtle smell
of rot to the air.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The tunnel twists to the south and east from here, 
its dark length seemingly dismal and lifeless.  A faint 
thumping sound reverberates from the walls, making you 
perk your ears for the direction of the noise.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: This area darker than the rest of the passageway, due
to the fact that the sconces along the walls stop abruptly
here.  The way to the south is completely dark, in direct
contrast to the tunnels to the west.  You peer hard to the
south, but can make out nothing in the impenetrable 
darkness.  And still that distant thumping impinges on 
your consciousness...

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: You are standing in a north-south tunnel carved 
naturally through the stone of the mountain.  To the 
north the tunnel is lighted by sconces along the wall, 
banishing the deep, deep darkness you now stand in.  To 
the south you can see nothing.  A deep thumping noise 
seems to be getting louder and louder as you stand here, 
coming from somewhere deep inside.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The passageway switches directions again in the dark 
gloom of the mountain, heading to the north and east from 
here.  As you round the corner, a trick of the acoustics 
make the deep thrumming and pounding you've been hearing 
sound as if its coming from two feet away!  Very unsettling.

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: The tunnel weaves around, twisting to the north and 
west here.  The darkness around you is near total.  Ahead, 
you hear the sounds of something metal banging against 
stone.  Could someone be mining out the tunnel, perhaps?

Name: A Cave Passageway
Description: A glimmer of light to the east alerts you to the fact
that something is going on in the tunnel nearby.  The south
exit of the tunnel leads off into complete darkness.  All
around on the ground are piles of earth and stone, making
you have to wend through the tunnel carefully.  Hmm.

Name: The End Of The Passage
Description: The tunnel stops abruptly here at a fissure in the stone.
All around on the ground are rocks and gravel, mined from
the fissure in an attempt to widen it enough for passage.
A few pieces of paper litter and wrappers tells you that
the work here is relatively recent.

Name: A Rocky Slope
Description: This treacherous slope leads ever-downward quite a ways,
down to a valley where there seems to be a small village!  
What a village is doing this far from civilization, and how
they survive you've no idea.  From the smoke wafting from 
some of the chimneys, it looks like this place is still 
inhabited as well.
   Now if you can only get down this slope without breaking
an ankle...

Name: A Rocky Slope
Description: You're slipping and sliding across this slope, trying to
get to your destination without breaking your leg or falling
and shattering your head.  Below, you spot some movement in
the village, giving proof the place is not a ghost-town.
   The main road of the village starts at the bottom of 
the slope just to the east, and the slope continues west
and up far, far up the mountain.

Name: Main Road
Description: This place leaves you very unimpressed.  And bored.  
You are definitely bored by this place.  The people are 
listless, going about their daily chores with a slowness 
that pains your eyes.  A slope to the west climbs up the 
mountainside, and two open shops made of wood and stone 
are to your north and south.  East-wards this road continues.
   There is a small sign here.

Name: The Mountain Tavern
Description: Hmm.  Looks like there's no one here, not even an bartender.
Evidently you've come during off hours, since no bar could be
THIS dull.  The walls are decorated with mounted animal heads
and arrows and longbows and other hunting equipment/trophies.
All of it looks rather plain.

Name: The General Store
Description: A bored shopkeeper waves an idle hand towards his stock
of stuff.  Browse, type list, buy, sell, whatever...

Name: Main Road
Description: Nothing is going on in this section of village either.  To the
east is an actual road intersection, and to the west you see one
of the ends of this road.  A large grassy area to the south is
fenced off for a horse corral.

Name: The Corral
Description: Many horses look up at you when you enter this corral.
The horses are kept in by a big wooden fence, which they
seem quite happy to been kept in by.  You don't see anyone
around taking care of these horses, but someone is probably
close by.

Name: The Intersection
Description: You are standing in an intersection deep in the heart
of Stanneg by the Mountains.  In fact, this is the ONLY
intersection anywhere in Stanneg by the Mountain it 
appears.
   There are some buildings to the north, and south, and
east, and west.  None particularly stand out from the 
others.

Name: A Small Road
Description: This road runs north through Stanneg by the Mountains, 
if through would be the operative word for such a motley 
collection of buildings.  Westwards is a small, open-roofed
building that appears to be a farmer's market.  The road 
you are on continues north, and comes to an intersection 
just south of here.

Name: The Farmer's Market
Description: One farmer's wife stands here, waiting for someone to
buy the food her family has grown.  She looks bored, but
not unhappy... no competition!

Name: A Small Road
Description: The small, north-south road running through Stanneg
by the Mountains ends here, curving to become the front
walk of a private home to the east.  The road runs south
from this house, towards the center of the village.

Name: A Private Home
Description: The interior of this home is simple and rustic.  A 
ladder leads up to the loft, where the sleeping pallets 
are tucked away.  A wood-burning stove keeps the place 
well heated and cozy.  A homemade rocking chair stands 
crooked in the corner, draped with a old looking afghan.  
This home is a nice place, very comfortable.

Name: A Small Road
Description: The road ends here, leading up to a stone house
to the south.  Smoke rises from the chimney in a dark
stream, and the windows are frosted over with humidity.
North, you see the main intersection of Stanneg.

Name: A Private Home
Description: This home strikes you as unbearable warm and uncomfortable.
The fireplace is going at a full-bonfire, a mammoth stack of
firewood beside it against the wall.  The decorations seem
somewhat spartan and plain; a landscape, an old hunting 
bow... nothing much of interest.

Name: Main Road
Description: The main road through Stanneg ends here at a large well
that leads deep, deep into the earth.  To the north of the 
well is a large building, with a large WELCOME mat outside 
its front door.  Westwards you see the a road intersection 
in the center of the tiny village.  Around you is a rocky 
terrain in the middle of this mountain range...not very 
many places else to go.

Name: Stanneg Inn
Description: This is a plainly decorated room, the main room of the
Stanneg Inn.  A large arch to the west leads to a common
room where food and drink can be ordered, and a set of
rickety wooden stairs lead up to the rooms are.  A thread-
bare rug lies in the middle of the floor, evidently well-
loved by a cat or two from the quantity of hair on it.

Name: The Common Room
Description: A large fireplace warms this room in great waves of
heat, to combat the chill drafts eminating from the windows
on the west and north sides of this room.  A few benches
and tables are clustered in the center of the room, for
the use of the locals.  Fairly plain, for a frequented
gathering place.

Name: The Reception
Description: A hall leads away to the west lined with small brown
doors.  A small table has a ledger on it, seemingly
almost unused.  The hall is plain and without any 
decoration, except for a nice painting of (what else)
a mountain hanging above the stairs that lead back
down to the inn proper.

Name: A Rocky Slope
Description: This slope is fairly shallow and easy to walk on, 
despite the loose shale and gravel.  To the east is a high 
ridge you could stand on, and to the west is a flat area 
near two trails leading up and down into the mountains.  
High above you, to your west, is that ominous, dark peak, 
which seems to radiating a sense of hopelessness...

Name: A Ledge
Description: This ledge overlooks a small path that leads up and 
down from here.  Below, you see the path head down to a 
large flat area where a small cottage lies nestled in the 
mountains, smoke rising from it in a curling line.  Above, 
the path seems to head towards that dark peak piercing the 
sky.  You notice a few boot-tracks in the earth, seemingly 
to lead down towards the cottage.

Name: Outside Of A Cottage
Description: Now that you approach closer to the cottage, you notice 
that the smoke is not coming from the chimney, but rather 
the gutted ruins of the building.  Something torched this 
place, badly.  You see no signs of life among the wreckage.
You can enter one of the particularly large holes in the 
wall to the west, with caution.

Name: The Torched Cottage
Description: This whole place is smouldering still from whatever 
decided to try to burn it to the ground.  On the floor 
near the center of the ruined structure is the burnt and 
dessicated corpse of a man, outstretched and blackened.  
There's not much to see here; whatever decided to destroy 
this place did it very well.

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: This mountain trail leads straight up into the evil 
looking mountains.  High above you, one mountain peak 
seems to radiate danger and fear, and the trail seems 
to be leading straight up to it.  You wonder if it is 
wise to continue this way...
   The trail goes even higher up to the west, and back 
down to the west.

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: The trail leads up even higher into the mountains to the
west here.  You shiver as the cold mountain air washes over
you, and your back prickles as you wonder if anything lives
up here, or anything _dangerous_ for that matter.  Maybe 
heading back down to the east would be a good idea...

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: The trail leads up the side of the tallest mountain in 
the range -- the one that sticks up into the dark sky like
a monument to death and futility.  The trail leads back to 
safety to the east, and goes even higher to the west.

Name: Near The Peak
Description: This is as close to the peak as you're going to get, 
unless you use that tiny, tiny path leading up to your 
north.  Up the side of the mountain you see a great cave 
hollowed out, the inside pitch black.  The path leads down 
the mountains to your east, which seems to be the best 
place to go.

Name: A Small, Dangerous Path
Description: This path leads up, up, up the side of the mountain, to 
the evil-seeming cave.  It also heads down to the south--a 
lot safer place to be.  In fact, you hear footsteps above 
your head...

Name: A Small, Dangerous Path
Description: Unfortunately, you realize too late that this bigger 
ledge that leads north to the darkened cave is an ideal 
spot for an ambush.  This ledge gives you a beautiful 
panoramic view of the entire mountain range, however.  
Breathtaking!

Name: The Cave Entrance
Description: You are standing in the entrance of a simply huge cave!
The size is stunning!  All around the entrance are burnt 
bones and various types of wooden and metal debris.  Giant 
claw marks are all along the ground, leading back deeper 
into the cave.
   Two tunnels lead off from here, one up, one down.  There
are claw marks leading in either direction.

Name: A Sloping Tunnel
Description: The tunnels slopes up to the north deeper into the 
mountain.  A rather gusty breeze riffles your clothing 
from ahead somewhere.  The claw marks in the stone floor 
continue up the passage, through the darkness.

Name: A Sloping Tunnel
Description: The tunnel continues its slope upwards, and the wind 
blows at you even stronger yet.  The claw tracks in the 
stone stop abruptly here, where there seems to be a lot
of unearthed dirt and stone around, heaped upon the floor.  
You feel uneasy about this place.

Name: The Pit
Description: You fall through the illusionary floor.

  You hit the poisoned spikes below.

  You die very slowly of bloodloss, your head impaled at 
an awkward angle.

Name: A Sloping Tunnel
Description: This tunnel slopes deep, down into the mountain's heart.
The air feels still and uncomfortably warm, despite the 
closeness of the cave's entrance above you.  There's a 
deep, musky odor in the air, and the giant claw marks 
continue downwards.

Name: A Sloping Tunnel
Description: A bright light greets your eyes from the north, in 
direct contrast to the darkness of the tunnel overhead.  
You break  out in a sweat due to the overwhelming warmth 
of the air.  The musky odor has grown quite intense, 
drowning out everything else in the air and making it hard 
to breathe.  Something in your gut begins squirming 
uncomfortably as you wonder what's ahead...

Name: The Lair
Description: This place is huge!!!  It should be considering the 
dragon's great bulk.  However, instead of seeing the 
customary carnage and mound of gold that one is accustomed 
to seeing in a dragon lair, this one is decorated subtly 
with tapestries and drapes, and other comforts of human 
life.  There is even a huge-dragon sized bed -- undoubtedly 
conjured to life by its elder dragon owner.

Name: The Plains
Description: You are standing on the plains.  This is a vast desolate place where
the wind can howl undisturbed since nothing but you bars its way.  However
you are not the first to wander here.  Before you somebody has left a small
path.  The path looks rather bewildered and is not the kind of path to lead
to anywhere significant or important but it seems to have made up its mind
to enter the hills far away north.  A narrow trail scars its way off to the
east as it leads up towards a hillside.

Name: The Lane
Description: You are strolling along a pleasant, shady lane.  The road is lined on both
sides by tall, stately trees which lend the scene with a sense of quiet
serenity.
   You can follow the road north or south.

Name: The Laneway
Description: The trees stand close here, and the tall, bushy undergrowth prevents you
from seeing far in any direction save east, where a broad lane continues off
into the distance; and west, where the same lane continues towards what looks
like a fairly large city.  The muted sounds of city commotion reach your ears
from a distance; stray dogs barking, children crying, and street salesmen
shouting.
   A steep path leads down from here to the northeast towards the Dwarven
Village, and a small trail leads through the trees towards the hills to the
north.

Name: The City Entrance
Description: You stand on the outskirts of a large city - Midgaard; the capital of
this land.  The road leads east into the peace and quiet - and dangers -
of the forest; and to the west it becomes the main street of the town;
surrounded by a confusion of shops, bars, and market places.

Name: The South Gate
Description: You are standing on a small, dusty path leading away from the south
gate of Midgaard, to the forest of Miden'Nir (Goblinic for 'Green Blood').
You can still see the city to the east, but if you go south, there is
fresh air and greenery.

Name: The Trail To Miden'Nir
Description: You are in a light forest.  A path leads south, but the passage to
the east is easy enough.  To the west, smoke can be seen rising above
the treetops.  The sprawl of Midgaard lies north of here.

Name: The Miden'nir
Description: You are in a dark forest.  To the east, mountains block passage.  From
here, only the lighter forest to the west or south offer a way to travel.

Name: The Miden'nir
Description: The forest is deep here and the wind blows through the trees and
through your hair.  To the north, the forest gets lighter.  However,
the southern and western paths place you even deeper in the wood.

Name: On a Small Path
Description: A path is here, leading east and south through the dark woods of
Miden'nir.  Mountains slash the scenery to the west of here.

Name: The Miden'nir
Description: The trees of Miden'nir are lush and green, hiding the evil that lurks
in these woods.  The trees become too thick to the west, but you may go
north, south or travel toward the mountains that lie east of here.

Name: A Crossroads
Description: Here footworn paths meet leading north, south and east.  The trees
seem to be closing in on you at this point, and you can barely see
the sky through the thick branches above your head.

Name: The Trail
Description: You are on a north-south trail through the woods.  To the west,
impassable mountains glare at you, and the thick woods and undergrowth
prevent any movement westward.

Name: The Miden'nir
Description: The trees of Miden'nir are lush and green, hiding the evil that lurks
in these woods.  You can go north toward the mountains, or west to the
forest, but the steep mountains prevent any movement east.

Name: The Miden'nir
Description: The forest is dark, and becomes even darker west.  You sense
that there is something evil hidden in these woods.  The forest
gets lighter to the north.  The wind kicks up as you ponder your
options.

Name: The Deep Forest
Description: It is quite dark here, forest surrounds you.  With each step, the
forest seems to close around you, and get darker and more foreboding.
It might just be time to head back to somewhere safe.

Name: The Light Forest
Description: The forest is light here and you can easily pick your way through the 
trail.  To the east, the forest becomes thick and darker.  South, the
trail continues.

Name: Some Muddy Ground
Description: The ground is quite muddy here and puddles are all around.  Your
boots make a disgusting SQUISH as you walk here.  You can go in any
of the four cardinal directions from here.  Hopefully, it will be
dryer.

Name: Near The Mountains
Description: The most prominent feature here is the mountains that lie to the
east.  You can only go north and west from here as the rocks stop all
other movement.

Name: The Fading Trail
Description: The trail becomes nearly unpassable here.  You can go north
as the forest is relatively light.  To the south, you can see a
path.

Name: The Dark Path
Description: You are hemmed in by trees on either side of you.  The path
continues north and south, and while is much to thick to explore
west, you can head off into the woods to the west.

Name: The Dark Forest
Description: You stomp your way through the underbrush.  The dark forest of
Miden'nir get pretty thick here, and the branches high above your
head are so thick that they block out all direct sunlight.  While
it is much too thick to go further east, you might be able to make
your way though the forest to the south and west.

Name: The Carnage
Description: Here, you see a gruesome sight.  Blood is everywhere... on the trees and
soaked into the ground.  Two carcasses lie in front of you, seeming to look
up at you.  The forest is impassible to the south, but the other directions
look ok.

Name: Deep In The Forest Of Miden'nir
Description: There is a sickening stench here.  It smells of blood and death.
To the north, you catch glimpses of daylight.  To the east, you
simply cannot see.  The trees are close and stifling.

Name: The Dark Forest
Description: The branches above you block out all direct sunlight, making the forest
in this area rather dark.  The forest continues east, where it meets the
mountains.  The air is still and stuffy - a stench comes from the west and
an ugly feeling causes the hair to rise on the back of your neck!

Name: At The Foot Of The Mountains
Description: You find yourself at the foot of the mountains, where it is much
to steep to continue north or east.  You see the lush, green forest
of Miden'nir to the south and west.

Name: Deep In The Forest Of Miden'nir
Description: The branches above you block out all direct sunlight, making
the forest in this area very dark.  The forest continues west,
but mountains block further exploration in all other directions,
except south, where you notice a small tunnel dug into the
mountainside.

Name: A Tunnel In The Mountains
Description: The walls of this tunnel were carved out many years ago by the goblins
of this forest.  The floor is well worn, and continues south, into the
mountain, or back north out into the forest.

Name: A Tunnel In The Mountains
Description: The tunnel gets lighter to the north, presumably leading out, while to
the south the passage gets smaller and smaller.  A small alcove has been
carved into the east wall.

Name: A Small Alcove
Description: A small alcove has been carved out here.  There are a bunch of twigs
and leaves thrown into a pile here, probably serving as a bed.

Name: A Tunnel In The Mountains
Description: As you explore further into the mountainside, the tunnel gets smaller
and smaller to the south.  You almost have to hunch over to make your way
through this area.  A small archway to the south leads into a large chamber.

Name: The Goblin HeadQuarters
Description: The tunnel widens into a large (well, large for goblins) cavern that
serves as the living quarters for the goblins of Miden'nir.  The bones of
numbers woodland creatures are strewn about the room, the remanents of a
recent meal.

Name: The Front Of The Inn
Description: You are standing on a well-worn path which opens into a clearing.
An old, wooden building is here with smoke billowing from its
chimney.  A painted sign is visible on the porch to the west.  You
could go north or south around the building or leave this place and
return to the forest.

Name: North Of The Inn
Description: You are standing north of the Inn.  Things don't look much different
from this angle.  The air here is filled with smells of smoke and cooking.
South, the front porch is waiting for you... or you can see if there is
a back door.

Name: South Of The Inn
Description: You are standing south of the Inn.  You could easily go north and enter
through the front door, or west and to the rear of the establishment.  You
here some muffled cries from a tiny trail leading south of here.

Name: Behind The Inn
Description: You now stand behind the Inn.  The smell here is not so pleasant as
the keeper and his help throw a good deal of garbage here.  A couple of
piles of rubbish are to the west, but you will smell the worse for
meddling there.  As a clean alternative, you can go north or east around
the Inn.

Name: The Woodsman Inn
Description: You are in the common room of the Woodsman Inn.  A thin haze of smoke
sits in the air here.  The Inn is often empty, as the forest has become
overrun by goblins as of late, and it is no longer safe in these parts.
The bar is just north of here.  If you'd rather have your own table, one
is empty to the south.

Name: The Ambush Point
Description: This is a overgrown foot-trail south of the Inn.  It leads west, but you
would be hard pressed to follow it far.  A number of bushes are trampled on
and some medium sized branches have been knocked down.  Obviously there has
been a battle here rather recently.

Name: The Bar
Description: This is where people use to come and enjoy the food, drink and
hospitality of the Innkeeper, but as of late, he only serves the
few adventurers that manage to survive a trip through the forest.
You can leave south and return to the common room.

Name: The Bard's Table
Description: You are in a darker corner in the Inn.  A large round table with a few
wooden chairs sits here.  There is a large stain on the table, the remnants
of a spilled drink.

Name: The Garbage Dump
Description: You stand knee deep in garbage.  YECCH!!!  It smells terrible and who knows
what vermin live in these piles of filth...

Name: A Quieter Section Of The Inn
Description: There seems to be no one in this end of the Woodsman, probably a safe place
to rest and lick your wounds...

Name: On The Trail Of The Horsemen
Description: The path continues east and west of here.  You notice fresh tracks in
the soft ground that show the horsemen fled to the west.

Name: On The Trail Of The Horsemen
Description: The path continues east and south.  You notice fresh tracks in the
soft ground that show the horsemen turned, and fled south.

Name: On The Trail Of The Horsemen
Description: The trail of the horsemen continues east and north along this path
through the forest.  The tracks are still fresh, so they must be near.

Name: A Dead End Trail
Description: The path comes to an abrupt end here, as the trees close around you and
make any further exploration impossible.  Fresh tracks cover the ground, and
end right here.  The horsemen must be nearby.

Name: The Great Chessboard Of Midgaard
Description: You stand in the archway of the Chessboard of Midgaard.  The giant
wooden gate is rusted open.
   A narrow dirt path leads eastwards into the thick grass and the
chessboard opens up to the west.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black Queen's Rook.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black Queen's Knight.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black Queen's Bishop.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black Queen.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black King.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black King's Bishop.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black King's Knight.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the Black King's Rook.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black Queen's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black Queen's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black Queen's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black Queen's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black King's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black King's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black King's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the Black King's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  You can see a rusty gate
to the south.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  There is a rusty gate
a short distance to the east.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  There is a large rusty
gate to the east.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  There is a rusty gate
to the north.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White Queen's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White Queen's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White Queen's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White Queen's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White King's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White King's Pawns.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White King's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of one of the White King's Pawns.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White Queen's Rook.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White Queen's Knight.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White Queen's Bishop.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White Queen.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White King.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White King's Bishop.

Name: A Black Square
Description: You are standing on a black marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White King's Knight.

Name: A White Square
Description: You are standing on a white marble square.  This is usually the home
of the White King's Rook.

Name: The Black Treasury
Description: You are standing in the treasury of the Black Court.  Hopefully no one 
has looted the Crown's treasure.

Name: The White Treasury
Description: You are standing in the treasury of the White Court.  Hopefully no one 
has looted the Crown's treasure.

Name: The Hills
Description: You are on a path leading north, small hills surround you.
You feel the forces of evil approach you from the north.  Off
in the distance to the northeast you can see the beginning of
a large mountain range.

Name: The Hills
Description: You are on a small path leading north, dark threatening hills
surround you on almost all sides.  A fair distance off to the
north, you can see the enormous shadow of a strangely solitaire
mountain.

Name: The End Of The Path
Description: The path stops here, to the north is a single mountain and around
you are some threatening hills.  A small trail leads up the hillside
through the rocks to a dark cave located to the north.  Off to the
northeast, you can see the southern end of what appears to be a large
mountain range.

Name: The Cave
Description: You are standing in a small cave, about fifteen feet across at
the widest point and about forty feet long.  Off to the south you
sense fresh air and you surmise that the entrance must be located
off in that direction.  To the north a small tunnel continues into
the mountain.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You force your way into a narrow tunnel, aided by the wet walls
which help you slide through the passageway.  The smell of mouldy
moss is growing greater the farther north you head, but you can smell
fresh air off to the south as a light breeze wafts past you.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You find yourself at a turn in this narrow tunnel.  The tunnel
appears to open up to the north into a cave of some sort while to
the east it leads onwards through the mountain.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: Standing in the middle of the dusty floor of this tunnel, you can
see that it is not a highly travelled passageway.  It looks to lead
in an east-west direction.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You find yourself at a small intersection of sorts in this tunnel.
The main tunnel appears to curve from south to west but there is an
entrance into a cave to the north.  The entrance itself looks to be
unnatural and much more recent than the tunnel or even the cave.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You clamber on through this narrow tunnel.  The walls are damp
with condensation and the weight of the rock above you is beginning
to make you feel almost claustrophobic.  The tunnel makes a jagged
turn from west to north here.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You find yourself in a fairly large cave.  Large enough that the
eastern and western ends are almots completely shrouded in darkness.
A small tunnel breaks through the southern wall, and it too is full
of shadows.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You move along the cave to the west end of it and find that there
appears to be no other exit from here.  The walls are fairly smooth
and look to have been naturally carved out of the rock by the passage
of water.

Name: The Cave
Description: You find yourself at the southern end of a cave as it begins
to turn into a tunnel which leads off to the south.  The cave
continues northwards deeper into the darkness.
You notice a large pile of bones in the corner.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You stand in the middle of a fairly wide passageway that leads
in a north-south direction.  The walls are quite smooth, almost as
if a river had gouged them out of the earth.

Name: The Hole
Description: You are standing in a small alcove off the main tunnel.  There is
a fairly wide hole broken through the floor of the alcove.  The only
other exit is to the north.

Name: The Hole
Description: As you stand at the end of this tunnel, you notice a large hole
sitting in the floor by the northwestern corner of the walls.  The
tunnel itself leads off towards the east.  The air here feels very
damp and you feel like your clothes are becoming sticky with sweat.

Name: The Damp Tunnel
Description: You are standing in the middle of a damp tunnel.  The moisture
in the air is so thick that you can almost seem it seeping into your
clothes.  The tunnel continues to the north and west.  A large cave
opens up to the east.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You are in the western part of the large cave, to the east you can
see a tunnel.  The air near the tunnel entrance is heavy with moisture,
giving you a feeling as if you were standing in the rain.  The walls
of the cave are almost totally shrouded in darkness and shadow as is
the southern end of the cavern.

Name: The Damp Tunnel
Description: The tunnel you are in now is very humid, and the air seems to almost
hang with moisture.  The walls drip with an almost constant water flow,
and the ground is covered with small pools of stagnent water.
   The tunnel leads away to the south, and to the west you can feel that
the air is even damper than here.

Name: The Cave
Description: You find yourself standing in the northern end of a reasonably
large cave.  The cave wall to the east has an opening that appears
to lead to a junction of several tunnels.

Name: The Many Tunnels
Description: You find yourself standing in the midst of an intersection
of numerous tunnels.  There is a musty smell emanating from the
tunnel to the north, whilst the one to the west appears to open
up almost immediately into a cave.  The tunnels to the south and
east are totally shrouded in darkness.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You find yourself at an elbow turn in the tunnel as it turns to the
west and north.  You spot a small alcove hidden in the shadows just to
the south of you, and you can feel a breeze coming from somewhere to the
north you believe.

Name: The Smelly Tunnel
Description: You are in a fairly small north-south leading tunnel.  There
is a a small light visible off to the north.  As you stop for a
moment, you notice a strange smell from the north.

Name: The Cave
Description: You are in a cave that is filled with fresh air, you sense the
wind blowing from the north.  To the south you see a small tunnel
continue into the mountain.

Name: The Light Cave
Description: You are in a light cave, through a hole large above you, you
see the sky.  A small tunnel to the south is the only way out.
You notice the source of the strange smell, all around you there
are corpses of several monsters.

Name: The Valley
Description: You are in a small valley, surrounded by hills and a mountain to 
the south.  In the mountain there is a cave.  To the north you can
enter the hills.  There is a small trail leading up a steep hill to
the east.

Name: The Foothills
Description: You are on a winding path that leads through the foothills on the
north side of Mount Moria.  The path continues north.

Name: The Intersection In The Foothills
Description: You stand at a point by a small path that splits off here.  The
path continues north and south while a rough trail leads east into
the mountains.

Name: The Grassy Area In The Foothills
Description: The grass here is unusually high.  You notice several areas where
someone or something large has crushed spots of it down.  Several
very large rocks litter this area.  You can go north towards the end
of the foothills, west to go deeper into the foothills, or south to
a small path intersection.

Name: At The Foothills' End
Description: You find yourself standing at the northern edge of the foothills
where they meet the plains which lie to the north.  You can head back
into the foothills to the south or the plains to the north.

Name: The Plains
Description: You are in the plains.  The path leads to the south.  As you look
around you notice a small almost invisible trail leading away to the
west towards a copse of trees.

Name: The Path Through The Foothills
Description: You stand on a path that leads through the foothills in an
east-west direction.  Some distance off to the west you can see
a small intersection of paths and off to the east you see that
the path seems to come to an end as part of the mountain chain
juts out of the ground, blocking your view of the sky.

Name: The Base Of The Mountain
Description: You find yourself standing at the bottom of a large mountain in
the mountain chain which begins at Mount Moria and stretches north
towards the top of the world.  A small path leads off through the
foothills towards the west, where you can see plains quite a ways
away.  To the east you spot a small worn trail leading up the side
of the mountain.

Name: A Trail Up The Mountain
Description: You stand partway up the mountainside on a narrow yet well worn
trail.  The trail curves its way up the side of the mountain towards
the top and westwards down the mountain into the foothills below.

Name: The Mountain Top
Description: You find yourself at what is essentially the summit of this mountain.
It certainly seemed taller from the ground didn't it?  The plateau you
stand on is close to thirty metres across and a small gouge in the north
side of it looks to lead to a small cavern.  A small trail leads down
towards a valley that was hidden away on the east side of the mountain.

Name: The Lion's Den
Description: Following the gouge down to the cave entrance, you clamber through
the small entranceway only to find yourself in what appears to be the
living den of a large carnivorous animal!

Name: The Level Foothills
Description: You continue to move through the foothills and notice that off in
the distance to the west, you can see a rather large cave entrance in
the side of a large hill.  The hill seems to jut up from the rest of
the foothills quite unnaturally.  A path leads off towards the east
as it seems to begin from nothing here.

Name: The Cave Entrance
Description: You stand in a large tunnel, much larger than it seemed from
the outside.  The ceiling is at least twenty feet above, and the
width of the tunnel runs at least fifteen feet.  You can feel the
fresh air coming from the east, and off to the west, it looks to
lead into darkness.

Name: The Hill Giant Cave
Description: You find yourself inside a rather large cavern.  The ceiling stands
at least twenty five feet above you, if not more.  The walls are so far
away, that the shadows of the room obscure them almost completely.  Out
of all of the grandeur in this cave however, nothing seems to catch your
eye quite as much as the enormous table standing in the middle of the
sandy floor.  It stands tall enough for you to walk under it without the
need to hunch over.  A large tunnel leads out of the eastern wall of the
cavern.

Name: The Steep Trail
Description: This trail leads up a steep hill to a point where it levels out as
it begins to pass between the mountains that surround you.  It continues
through the hills to the east and heads down to the valley to the west.

Name: Between The Mountains
Description: The trail between the mountains seems almost endless as you continue
to trek along it.  It continues to both the east and west.

Name: The Foothills
Description: After a long trek, you find yourself in the foothills again.  You spot
a narrow trail leading away to the northwest not too far distant to the
west.

Name: The Foothills
Description: A short trek through the foothills and you find yourself facing a
trail that leads between the mountains to the west.  The trail through
them looks to be very long and probably quite tiring.  You spot a narrow
trail leading away to the northwest not too far distant to the west.

Name: The Foothills
Description: You are at a point on the trail where it turns slowly from an
almost straight westwards trail into a trail meandering towards
the northwest.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You are at a bend in the tunnel here.  It turns from an eastwards
heading to a southwards one.  The walls are cold and seem to be damp
with moisture.  you can see some greenish moss growing up near the
roof of the passageway on the northern wall.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: Standing in this part of the tunnel, you notice that not only does
the tunnel get suddenly narrower, but the floor does not seem to be
nearly as smooth as it was before.  In fact, the floor drops almost
five feet in jagged steps as you look eastward.  The western path
seems to be quite smooth however.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: Continuing along the tunnel, you find that the floor has begun
to smooth itself out once more.  Looking about, you notice a small
spring of water bubbling up near the southern wall.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You continue along the tunnel to find yourself at a right
angle turn.  The passage leads north and east from here.  The
way to the north seems to be a longer tunnel which continues
on through the gloom of the underearth.  The way to the east
is a fresh change from what would normally be found this far
underground in that the tunnel seems to open  up into a fairly
large and well lit cave.

Name: The Light Cave
Description: The cave you stand in now is lit by an eerie flickering light,
which probably comes from the enormous fire which is burning a
short distance to the south in what looks to be the middle of
the cave.  The flickering light creates some really strange and
almost frightening shadows on the walls, almost hiding the two
tunnels that lead away from here, one to the east and one to the
west.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exit from here looks to be off to the west.

Name: The Light Cave
Description: The cave you stand in now is lit by an eerie flickering light,
which comes from the enormous fire which is burning right in
front of you in the middle of this large cave.  The fire gives
off more than enough light to see both the north and south ends
of the cave.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the north and south.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the south and west.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You are standing in a tunnel deep inside the heart of Mount Moria.  A
small rivulet of water runs alongside the wall to the north as the tunnel
seems to lead slightly down towards the east.
   The tunnel continues on to the east as it plunges deeper into the earth,
and upwards a bit towards the west where the air seems to be quite damp.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You stand in a section of this small tunnel which seems to be
almost level.  There is a small pool of water collecting beside
the north wall indicating perhaps a low spot on the floor.  The
pool is being fed by a small rivulet which is coursing along the
northern wall from the west, but yet the water level in the pool
does not seem to be changing.
   Looking either way down the tunnel, you can see that the tunnel
climbs to the west, and to the east, a strange flickering light
shows that the tunnel opens up into a cave of sorts.

Name: The Light Cave
Description: The cave you stand in now is lit by an eerie flickering light,
which probably comes from the enormous fire which is burning a
short distance to the north in what looks to be the middle of
the cave.  The flickering light creates some really strange and
almost frightening shadows on the walls, almost hiding the two
tunnels that lead away from here, one to the west and one to the
south.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the east and west.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the east and north.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You stand in a small chamber beneath the earth.  The chamber
closes down to tunnel size to the west as the only obvious exit
leads away in that direction.  Before heading off that way, you
decide to look around the cave.  The walls are slightly damp to
the touch, and the ceiling is very smooth.  Almost right in the
centre of the ceiling, a well rounded hole has been made.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the east and north.  To the north,
you can see the entrance to what looks to be a large and well lit cave.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the east, south, and north.  To the
south, the tunnel looks to open up into a cavern.

Name: The Maze
Description: You stand in yet another small and damp tunnel.  The ceiling hangs
quite low overhead and the passage twists off into darkness.  The only
exits from here look to be off to the west and north.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You find yourself in what is perhaps the largest cave you
have ever been in.  It stretches through the darkness to the
east and south.  The cave is nigh filled with echoes created
by the sound of your breathing.  Stalactites and stalagmites
hang down from the ceiling and climb upwards from the ground
of the cavern respectively.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You find yourself in what is perhaps the largest cave you
have ever been in.  It stretches through the darkness to the
west and south.  The cave is nigh filled with echoes created
by the sound of your breathing.  Stalactites and stalagmites
hang down from the ceiling and climb upwards from the ground
of the cavern respectively.  A narrow tunnel leads away from
the cave to the north.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You find yourself in what is perhaps the largest cave you
have ever been in.  It stretches through the darkness to the
east and north.  The cave is nigh filled with echoes created
by the sound of your breathing.  Stalactites and stalagmites
hang down from the ceiling and climb upwards from the ground
of the cavern respectively.

Name: The Large Cave
Description: You find yourself in what is perhaps the largest cave you
have ever been in.  It stretches through the darkness to the
west and south.  The cave is nigh filled with echoes created
by the sound of your breathing.  Stalactites and stalagmites
hang down from the ceiling and climb upwards from the ground
of the cavern respectively.  A narrow tunnel leads away from
the cave to the east.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: You stand in a narrow tunnel.  It makes a turn from east to south
here as it heads through the rock of the mountain.  The western wall
of the tunnel looks to have broken through a small, natural crack in
the rock to lead into what appears to be a fairly large cave.

Name: The End Of The Tunnel
Description: The tunnel comes to a sudden halt here.  How very bizarre.  The
only exit is back to the west, where the tunnel leads back through
the mountain.  There is absolutely nothing of any interest down at
the end of this passageway either.  How odd.

Name: The Hole
Description: You are at a small hole in the floor.  Alas, you can only leave
north because to leave down into the unknown, you must be able to
fit through the hole, which is far too small for you!

Name: The Copse Of Trees
Description: Standing in this copse of trees gives you an eerie feeling.  Off to
the east you can see the plains, and just to the north a strange shadow
seems to be changing shape constantly and almost seems to beckon you to
enter it.

Name: On A Mountain Trail
Description: You find yourself on a mountain trail twisting down towards a small
hidden valley located in the shadow of another mountain a short distance
to the east.  The trail is fairly rough going and looks to dip down into
the small valley before climbing up the side of the other mountain.  As
you look at the valley from a closer vantage point, you realize that it
is much smaller than you had expected, being maybe thirty feet long.  It
is quite surprising how deceptive distances can be this high up in the
mountains, isn't it?

Name: In The Hidden Valley
Description: This valley seems to be a complete waste of a climb down the
mountainside.  Of course, there is always the carefully hidden
trail that you just noticed on the eastern side of the valley,
leading up the eastern mountain that is blocking most of the sky
from you.

Name: In The Hidden Valley
Description: This small valley is hidden away in the shadow of the large
mountain to the east.  The trail leading up it to the east seems
to vanish before your eyes, but you are quickly able to find it
once again.  A trail leads up the mountain to the west as well.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: As you continue along this tunnel which heads deeper and deeper into
the earth, you notice that the tunnel must be a lot steeper than you
previously expected as there is a small rivulet of water gushing down
the one side of the tunnel.  The tunnel appears to extend straight to
the east for quite some distance.

Name: The Long Tunnel
Description: The tunnel seems to be slightly sloped here as it continues in its
east-west direction.  The tunnel walls are far apart, almost allowing
for four people to travel abreast with ease.  The walls do not seem to
be very damp, but there is a small rivulet running along the northern
wall of the tunnel.

Name: The Long Tunnel
Description: As you travel along this long tunnel, you begin to wonder just
how long it is.  The walls are fairly far apart, but you can see
that they begin to close in rather rapidly to the east.  In fact,
the manner in which they come together almost reminds you of a
funnel.

Name: The Long Tunnel
Description: You are standing in a long east-west tunnel.  It is not all that
wide at this point, perhaps wide enough for two people to stand side
by side without impeding each other.  Off to the west it appears that
the tunnel opens up some more while to the east it dives further down
into the earth, and you can see a small hole about two feet in diameter
about waist height in the southern wall.

Name: The Long Tunnel
Description: You find yourself in a small bulbous cavern ending.  The somewhat
circular 'room' is about thirty feet in diameter and you can see one
exit from it; a tunnel leading sharply upwards from the western wall.
The walls of this cavern are quite indistinct and you cannot see any
moss or dampness on them whatsoever.

Name: The Golden Cave
Description: You are standing in what appears to be the north-east corner of
this large cavern.  The cave is lit by the eerie, soft, golden light
which looks to be emanating from the walls themselves.  The cave
itself is enormous, extending quite a distance to the west and south.

Name: The Golden Cave
Description: You are standing in what appears to be the north-west corner of
this large cavern.  The cave is lit by the eerie, soft, golden light
which looks to be emanating from the walls themselves.  The cave
itself is enormous, extending quite a distance to the east and south.
There is a hole in the northern wall, about two feet in diameter.
All that can be seen through the hole is darkness.

Name: The Passage
Description: You are standing at the elbow turn of a small passageway.  It turns
quite sharply to the south and west.  To the south, it appears that the
passage continues, but to the west you can see what almost appears to
be a golden light.

Name: The Golden Cave
Description: You are standing in what appears to be the south-east corner of
this large cavern.  The cave is lit by the eerie, soft, golden light
which looks to be emanating from the walls themselves.  The cave
itself is enormous, extending quite a distance to the west and north.
A crack in the wall to the east appears to lead into a passageway of
sorts.

Name: The Golden Cave
Description: You are standing in what appears to be the middle of the western
wall of this large cavern.  The cave is lit by the eerie, soft, golden
light which looks to be emanating from the walls themselves.  The cave
itself is enormous, extending quite a distance to the east, south,
and north.

Name: The Hole
Description: You find yourself standing in a small alcove as the tunnel comes to
a somewhat sudden end.  Looking about you suddenly notice a rather big
hole in the floor of the tunnel.  In fact, it seems that another step
forward and you would have fallen into it.
   The tunnel itself leads to the west, and looking down into the hole
in the floor reveals little beyond the fact that it seems to be very
deep and very dark.  There is a very strange smell emanating from the
hole, it almost smells like something down there is rotting.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: The walls of this small tunnel are almost completely covered in a
strange orange moss that flakes off to the touch.  The tunnel leads
in an east-west direction and the air within is very damp and very
stagnant.  There is no detectable breeze at all but a strange smell
emanates from the east.  There is a small, almost unnoticed hole in
the southern wall.

Name: The Tunnel
Description: The tunnel in which you currently stand is fairly wide (very wide
relative to almost all the other tunnels around here it seems) and
yet the air is quite damp.  The walls have a thin coating of moisture
upon them which looks and feels somewhat oiley.  The tunnel leads in
an east-west direction.

Name: The Passage
Description: This north-south passageway looks to be a natural creation, except
that the walls looks to have been roughly hewn in order to smooth them
a somewhat to make passage easier.  The walls still meander as the
passage makes its way deeper into the bowels of the earth.  A bizarre
shadow in the eastern wall leads you to suspect that a small passage
meets the tunnel there.

Name: The Golden Cave
Description: You are standing in what appears to be the south-west corner of
this large cavern.  The cave is lit by the eerie, soft, golden light
which looks to be emanating from the walls themselves.  The cave
itself is enormous, extending quite a distance to the north and a
strange shadow formation seems to indicate a passage entrance to the
west.

Name: The Dark Passage
Description: You find yourself in a small passage ending.  It is quite dark in here.
As you look about the damp walls, you notice that the passageway almost
appears to curve upwards towards the ceiling.  Looking up, you notice that
there is a small hole, just large enough to pass through.  Looking closely
at the curved part of the wall, it appears that someone (or something) has
carved small handholds into the wall to ease passage upwards.  The tunnel
itself leads off to the east.

Name: The Passage
Description: You find yourself in quite an ordinary passageway which leads north
and south.  It looks to be wide enough for two people to walk side by
side with plenty of room.  The passage appears to be almost rectangular
in form.  Far off to the south you can see the pinpoint of a light.

Name: The Secret Tunnel
Description: You are currently standing in a narrow passageway that does not seem
to have been heavily visited at any time.  It leads northwards towards
a lit room and south towards what appears to be a chamber.

Name: The Cave
Description: This rather large cave is surprisingly very well lit.  There are
about twenty torches spread about the room set in sconces which hang
several feet above your head.  The dancing shadows created by the
flickering flames catch your eyes for a few minutes and threaten to
hold you entranced.
   Looking about the cave, it appears to continue to the west and
south.  In the north wall a strange vertical crack looks as if it may
lead somewhere.

Name: The Cave
Description: This rather large cave is surprisingly very well lit.  There are
about twenty torches spread about the room set in sconces which hang
several feet above your head.  The dancing shadows created by the
flickering flames catch your eyes for a few minutes and threaten to
hold you entranced.
   Looking about the cave, it appears to continue to the east and
south.

Name: The Passage
Description: You stand in a fairly normal passage, slightly wider than is
necessary for one person, but not quite wide enough for two.  The
ceiling dips here rather surprisingly, or wait, is that because the
floor climbs upwards toward it?  The tunnel seems to narrow slightly
more as you look to the south, and widens up somewhat as you look
northward.  The light to the south continues to flicker.

Name: The Secret Tunnel
Description: You stand in a very unnatural hallway, about ten feet across and
about ten or twelve feet up.  The passageway funnels down towards 
the west where it leads to a doorway that looks to be about five feet
across.  The east end of the tunnel comes to a sudden end at a very
smooth rock wall.

Name: The Secret Chamber
Description: You stand in a small chamber that you never would have thought
could exist.  This small, almost perfectly round cave does not
appear to be a natural formation at all, since the walls are far
too smooth and the doorways to the north and east are both almost
exactly five feet wide and eleven feet tall.

Name: The Cave
Description: This rather large cave is surprisingly very well lit.  There are
about twenty torches spread about the room set in sconces which hang
several feet above your head.  The dancing shadows created by the
flickering flames catch your eyes for a few minutes and threaten to
hold you entranced.
   Looking about the cave, it appears to continue to the west and
north.

Name: The Cave
Description: This rather large cave is surprisingly very well lit.  There are
about twenty torches spread about the room set in sconces which hang
several feet above your head.  The dancing shadows created by the
flickering flames catch your eyes for a few minutes and threaten to
hold you entranced.
   Looking about the cave, it appears to continue to the east and
north.  There is a passageway leading out of the western wall of the
cave which looks to turn northwards.

Name: The Passage
Description: You are at the end of a narrow passage which leads away from
here to the north.  The southern wall is bare and almost seems to
dance with the shadows created by the flickering light emanating
from the cave to the east.

Name: The Crawlway
Description: You are in a very narrow crawlway.  To back out of it, you would have
to move carefully in order to not catch anything on the jutting rocks of
the ceiling and walls.  The diameter of the crawlway is about two feet,
and is a rather tight squeeze.  You'd better hope that there aren't any
worms or similar creatures down this way since it might be difficult to
defend yourself in here.

Name: A Long Tunnel
Description: You encounter some rapids as you enter this tunnel cut out of
the mountains by the river.

Name: A Long Tunnel
Description: The tunnel branches off north.

Name: A Long Tunnel
Description: The tunnel branches off south.

Name: A Tunnel Intersection
Description: The tunnel branches off to the north and south.

Name: An Underground Lake
Description: You are floating on a jet-black underground lake fed by dripping
water and lime from above.  The tunnel continues to the east and the
river leads back west.  Leading upwards to the northwest is a roughly
hewn hallway.

Name: A Long Narrow Tunnel
Description: The tunnel rises sharply to the east.  Another narrow tunnel
leads away to the north.

Name: A Wide Tunnel
Description: The tunnel continues east and west.  To the east the tunnel dives
down into a bright light.  A small passage way opens to the north.

Name: The Cave-In
Description: You stand at the edge of a large pile of rubble created from the last
rockslide.

Name: At The Foot Of The Rubble
Description: You are at the bottom of a large pile of rubble.  A tunnel branches
off to the north and east.

Name: A Cave Entrance
Description: You stand in the middle of a large and beautiful cave.  A path leads
deeper into the darkness.

Name: A Giant Cave
Description: This cavern overwhelms you.  The walls and ceiling seem miles away.
Bones of previous adventurers lie strewn on the cavern floor.  There is
a passage that spirals downwards in the northeast corner of the cavern.

Name: A Narrow Bend
Description: The tunnel turns to the south and west.

Name: A Large Cave
Description: You are standing in a large cave.  Many furs are spread out on the floor.

Name: A Damp Hallway
Description: The walls here are extremely damp, as well as the floor.

Name: An Underground Pool
Description: You are wading in a knee deep pool of lime-water.

Name: A Damp Hallway
Description: The walls of the tunnel are extremely damp here.  The tunnel
leads sharply upwards to the south as it starts to get narrow.

Name: A Narrow Crawlway
Description: This crawlway is just big enough for a human to crawl through or a
halfling to walk through.

Name: A Large Cavern
Description: You have entered a very large cavern.  The rock formations would amaze
almost any dwarf.

Name: A Fungus Patch
Description: As you walk through the fungus patch, you are shot at by many millions of
spores.  You can hardly breathe.

Name: The Fungus Path
Description: As you walk along the path, millions of spores are shot at you.  It is
difficult to breathe.

Name: The Fungus Temple
Description: You find yourself standing inside of a giant mushroom.  The inside
is decorated in the fashion of a temple.

Name: A Sloping Passage
Description: You follow a path sloping down from the fungus temple.

Name: A Sloping Passage
Description: You are on a path that gently slopes up from the underground pool.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sand constantly shifting around
you.  A pyramid lies to the east and a snow-capped mountain range to the 
west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east and a snow-capped mountain range to the 
west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east and a snow-capped mountain range to the
west.  The hole which you tumbled out of is too high for you to reach.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east and a snow-capped mountain range to the
west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-east and a snow-capped mountain range to
the west.  You spy a narrow dirt trail leading away to the west into the
foothills.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-east and a snow-capped mountain range to
the west.

Name: A Small Oasis
Description: You stand beside a small pool of crystal-blue water bathed in the
shade of a few scarce palm trees.  To the north you see a small
encampment stopped for the day.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south-east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the east, it looks enormous, even from this distance.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting
around you.  A pyramid lies to the south.  The gates of a city lie a
short distance off to the north.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  You are standing near a gigantic pyramid located a couple hundred
meters west of you.  From here you can sense the great evil which resides
within the massive structure.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north and a ruined city to the west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south-west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-west.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south-west and a deep canyon to the east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the south-west and a deep canyon to the east.  Just
below you can make out a tiny ledge.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the west and a deep canyon to the east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the west and a deep canyon to the east.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around  
you.  A pyramid lies to the north-west and a deep canyon to the east.

Name: A Nomad Camp
Description: This small group of desert nomads has stopped for the day to rest
and refresh themselves beside this beautiful oasis.  Three tents and some
camels make up the party.  From within two of the tents you hear muffled
voices, obviously surprised at your visit.

Name: Inside A Small Tent
Description: This is a small and simple tent with few possessions in sight.  Lying
here and there are young-looking men and women, possibly slaves to the
leader of this band.

Name: Beside The Camels
Description: Here stand about ten camels, all hitched to some stakes plugged into 
the ground.  To the east you see a small tent while to the north you see a 
larger, fancier tent.

Name: The Warriors' Tent
Description: This tent has a few furnishings, but mainly it holds the band's 
protectors.  They all stare at you coldly as you enter.

Name: The Main Tent
Description: This tent is as lavishly decorated on the inside as it is on the
outside.  A fancy carpet lies on the sand and numerous baskets line the
walls.

Name: The Main Tent
Description: This is where the leader of this band of nomads resides.  He is 
definitely rich as you inspect the tapestries, baskets, and a few
paintings as well.

Name: The Rickety Rope Bridge
Description: You carefully begin to walk across the bridge, but suddenly the rope
breaks and you fall...
                     ... and fall
                            and fall
                               and fall
                                    ... to your death on the rocks below.

Name: The Wind-Swept Ledge
Description: Being very careful not to lose your balance, you look around and
find that this canyon is about a half a kilometer deep.  To the west is
a dark cave leading under the desert sands and above you a rope bridge
spans the gap.

Name: The Cave Mouth
Description: The air in here is MUCH cooler than outside.  From the west you hear 
strange sounds, but can see nothing.  The cave slopes down into the 
darkness.

Name: The Mysterious Lair
Description: You have stumbled upon the home of something.  From the treasure
haphazardly strewn about and the rotting carcasses, you would guess
that this is a dragon's lair.  As to what type, you can't really say.
The cave narrows out into a tunnel to the west.

Name: A Wide Tunnel
Description: This tunnel seems to go on forever into the darkness.  You carefully
feel your way along the walls.

Name: A Narrower Tunnel
Description: The tunnel becomes very narrow and you fight to squeeze your way through.
The floor seems to level off a little.

Name: A Narrow Crack
Description: This part of the tunnel is the hardest to move through as the walls
move in to meet you.

Name: A Small Cavern
Description: It is dark and damp and bats hang from the ceiling.  A narrow crack is
in the east wall.  The floor now slopes upwards.

Name: A Small Shaft
Description: From within this shaft you can see a narrow hole in the roof just
large enough for one person.  Back east is the cavern.

Name: The City Entrance
Description: You are at the entrance to a small underground city.  A great adamantite
gate lies open to the west allowing entrance into the city.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate street going north-south.  A large gate
lies to the east while a building lies to the west.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street going north and west.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street going east-west.  A large house
stands to the south.

Name: The 3rd House
Description: You stand inside the 3rd house of the city; it is fairly well decorated
by drow standards having a few statues, murals and such.  A door leads to the 
south.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: The throne room of the 3rd house is about as decorated as the inner
courtyard except with a blood covered altar in the center of the room.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street going east-west.  To the north
is a large building.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street leading north and east.  To the
south is an extremely large house.

Name: The 2nd House
Description: You stand inside the 2nd house of the city.  The room is highly decorated
with statues of spiders and murals everywhere.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: The throne room of the 2nd house is just a little more decorative than
the inner courtyard having an altar in the center of the room.

Name: The Main Gate
Description: You are at the entrance to the 1st house of the city.  A large gate,
almost as big and elegant as the one at the entrance to the city, stands
here.

Name: The 1st House
Description: You stand in the inner courtyard of the 1st and largest house in the city.
The room is extremely large and decorative.  Mural and paintings hang on the 
walls depicting some battles and a spider queen.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: The throne room of the 1st house is in one word...awesome.  It is so
horrifying it is almost beautiful.

Name: The Main Chamber
Description: This is the council chamber for the Matron Mother herself.  A huge table
and chairs surrounding it sits in the center of the room.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street leading north-south and east.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street leading south.  A building is
to the west.

Name: The Clerics' Academy
Description: This is the most lavish of the academies being that it is for the clerics.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street going east-west.  To the north
is a giant temple.

Name: The Warriors' Academy
Description: This looks more like a barracks than a school.

Name: The Entrance To The Temple Of Lloth
Description: The temple is the largest building in the city.  Even its doors are beyond
imagination.  Inside of the temple entrance, the walls are made of gold and 
adamantite.

Name: The Mages' Academy
Description: The Mages' Academy is fairly well decorated and you can see that the
drow prefer magic over physical power greatly.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street going eastward.  To the north
is a building.

Name: The Slave Chamber
Description: The room is in shambles.  Straw is strewn all about the room as beds for
the unfortunate creatures who have fallen prey to drow imperialism.

Name: A City Street
Description: You walk along a highly ornate city street leading west and south.  To
the north is a relatively small house.

Name: The 4th House
Description: You stand inside the 4th house of the city.  Its inner courtyard is rather 
dull by drow standards and rather small as well.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: The throne room is basically similar to the inner courtyard in regards
to decor.  there is a small throne behind the altar but that is about it.

Name: The Entrance Hall
Description: You stand in the entrance way to the temple which opens up to the north
into a large hallway going east and west.  Small statues os spiders line the
entrance way's walls.

Name: A Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.
To the north is a obsidian stairway.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.
To the north is a door.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.
To the south is a door.

Name: The Warriors' Barracks
Description: The room is a complete mess.  None of the beds are made, clothes and other
items have been left all about the room.  Well drow warriors never were known
for neatness.

Name: A Long Hallway
Description: You are in a long hallway lined with adamantite.  The walls are engraved
with pictures of elves and spiders.  The hallway continues east and west.  As
you look down the hallway you can make out one or two figures moving away from
you.

Name: The Grand Stairway
Description: You are standing at the bottom of a giant obsidian and adamantite 
stairway.  The edges are trimmed with gold.

Name: The Grand Hallway
Description: You are standing in the middle of a grand hallway.  The walls are 
of the purest adamantite with gold trim.  Mosaics line the walls.

Name: The Mages' Barracks
Description: The mage's living quarters is rather clean with the exception of a few
used component containers.  It is rather well decorated as well.  Cots line
the floor for the mages to sleep on.  The only door is to the west.

Name: The Grand Hallway
Description: You are walking down a grand hallway, heavily decorated with adamantite
and gold.  To the north the hall goes down a flight of stairs while a door is 
to the west.

Name: The Clerics' Barracks
Description: The bed chamber is brightly decorated with spider shaped statues, murals
and the like.  Large beds line the floor making this a comfortable room to
live in.

Name: The Grand Stairway
Description: You are climbing a set of obsidian stairs surrounded by adamantite walls.
To the north are a set of large golden doors.

Name: The Main Chamber
Description: This is the south side of a large auditorium used for services by the
drow priestesses.  In the center is a large sacrificial pit and beyond that
is an altar.

Name: The Eastern Side Of The Main Chamber
Description: You are on the eastern side of the chamber overlooking the pit.  To the
east is a door while to the north is an altar.

Name: The Sacrificial Pit
Description: As you climb down into the pit, thousands of spiders cover you, tearing
your fragile body to shreds.  
 
Lloth thanks you for your sacrifice.

Name: The Western Side Of The Main Chamber
Description: You are on the western side of the main chamber overlooking a sacrificial
pit.  To the north is an altar.

Name: The Altar
Description: You are standing in front of a highly and freshly bloodstained altar.  
Engraved on the top of the altar is a giant spider with a human head.  Looking 
down from the altar you see a large sacrificial pit with thousands of swarming
spiders looking for their next meal!

Name: The Slave Cells
Description: This is the main room to the cell chambers for the slaves to be 
sacrificed.  You notice there are no guards around.

Name: The Slave Pen
Description: Rotten meat and breads lie about the floor while shackles hang from the 
walls.  The room reeks of death.  You almost become nauseous and decide to
leave the room since you were obviously too late to save the slave.

Name: The Dias
Description: You stand upon a dias behind the altar.  Above you is a enormous illusion
of a female drow turning into a giant spider and back again.  There is a door 
to the west.

Name: The Treasury
Description: This is obviously only a temporary storage place for the collected 
treasure being rather bare.

Name: The Weaponsmaster's Chamber
Description: This one-person bedchamber is very elegant.  The owner must be held in
high regard to get this kind of treatment.

Name: The Grand Gate Of Thalos
Description: You stand in the archway of a gigantic stone archway.  The two
steel gates have been forced open and have rusted in place.  A hollow
gust of wind blows by you into the deserted, and seemingly destroyed,
city.

Name: Main Street
Description: This was once a magnificent street, but now is in total ruin.  The
streets are barren and windswept and the silence is unending.  To the south
you see a ruined cottage while north leads into a dark back alley.  Howls
and screams echo through the deserted city.

Name: Main Street
Description: This was once a magnificent street, but now is in total ruin.  The
streets are barren and windswept and the silence is unending.  On one
side is a collapsed house while on the other is the entrance to a large
ruined mansion.  Eerie sounds echo within the mansion.  Near the center of 
town you see a large domed building, relatively intact.

Name: A Garden Path
Description: A circular path surrounds a magnificent domed temple in the center
of the city.  Flowers have withered away and the once lush trees are bare.
Vines and ivy snake up the sides of the temple and entangle themselves
around your feet.  A sudden volley of howls pierces the air.

Name: A Garden Path
Description: A circular path surrounds a magnificent domed temple in the center
of the city.  Flowers have withered away and the once lush trees are bare.
Vines and ivy snake up the sides of the temple and entangle themselves
around your feet.

Name: A Garden Path
Description: A circular path surrounds a magnificent domed temple in the center
of the city.  Flowers have withered away and the once lush trees are bare.
Vines and ivy creep up the sides of the temple and entangle themselves 
around your feet.

Name: A Garden Path
Description: A circular path surrounds a magnificent domed temple in the center 
of the city.  Flowers have withered away and the once lush trees are bare.
Vines and ivy creep up the sides of the temple and entangle themselves 
around your feet.

Name: The Market Place
Description: You stand in the middle of a large square lined on each side with
baskets, carts, and stands of all shapes and sizes.  Abandoned, these
little shops still contain some of their goods once sold to a demanding
public.

Name: The Market Place
Description: You stand at the end of the market square.  Stands and carts line
each side, filled with remnants of fine foods and exquisite goods.

Name: A Side Street
Description: This small side street leads east and west into back alleys while
to the south you see the temple.  The incessant howling tears at your
mind.

Name: A Side Street
Description: You are in the common section of the city.  Ruined buildings made of
clay and stone is all the view has to offer.  Most of these homes are 
nothing but piles of rubble, but some look almost safe enough to venture
into.
   The street continues north and south and buildings line the street.

Name: A Side Street
Description: This small side street leads away from the garden path to the south.
Around you stand large piles or rubble where the houses of commoners
used to be.  A lone howl makes you worry greatly about your safety here.

Name: A Side Street
Description: This small side street leads south away from the temple into the
business section of town.  The destruction that leveled this city was not
biased; these important looking buildings have been almost totally
destroyed.  There is a hole in the wall of a very large structure to the
east.

Name: A Side Street
Description: This small side street is lined with the remains of once great
buildings.  To the west is a dark, foreboding structure while to the
east lies the entrance to a small tavern.  The street continues north
and south.

Name: A Side Street
Description: You are at the end of a long street leading to the center of the city.
A long dark alley runs east and west.

Name: Under A Ruined Watchtower
Description: You stand at the base of a tall watchtower built to protect the city
from invaders.  From the looks of things, it did not do a good job.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: This alley leads to the rear of what used to be a meat stand.  You wince
at the stench.  South is one of the city watchtowers.

Name: The Meat Stand
Description: A large stand has been set up here with metal hooks and wooden racks
in the background.  Hanging on the hooks are very small scraps of meat
and other game.  This stand is relatively empty, and a sudden burst of
howling and screaming makes you realize why this is so.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow alley leads east to a wider street and west to one of 
the city watchtowers.

Name: The Guild House
Description: You are standing in what once was this city's ONLY guild house.
Tables and chairs have been smashed and broken weapons lie strewn about
the floor as if some massive battle had taken place here.  Draped along 
the back wall is a tattered, jet-black banner with the symbol of the
Darkside set upon it.

Name: The Produce Stand
Description: A large cart sits here carrying rotted fruit and vegetables.  Flies 
swarm all about what seems to be the last remaining bits of food left
in the city.

Name: The Smithy
Description: In here you find tools and anvils used to make various weapons
and items.  The walls have been stripped clean and only a few incomplete
pieces of armor and weaponry are left.

Name: The Tapestry Stand
Description: Tattered and torn tapestries and rugs lie heaped in piles.  Fancy
robes and various articles of clothing are now just rags.  You stare at 
the strange piles for a long time until a piercing howl makes you
think these might be beds.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow alley leads north to one of the city watchtowers while
to the south there lies a market stand full of torn clothes and rugs.

Name: Under The Watchtower
Description: You stand under one of the city watchtowers built to protect
the city from invaders.  Obviously, it failed.

Name: The Jewellery Stand
Description: A table has been tipped over, spilling fine jewellery and gems
across the market place.  Most of these trinkets are battered and 
tarnished and few would have any value anymore.

Name: A Ruined Clay Dwelling
Description: This was once a very plain house with nothing more than a few chairs
and a bed.  A cold fireplace suggests that the city has been abandoned
for quite a while.  Almost nothing remains of this humble abode.

Name: A Collapsed Stone Dwelling
Description: This small house has completely collapsed upon itself leaving piles
of debris here and there.  A few rafters still stand with thatched straw
hanging down and a hot wind gusts through the hollow dwelling.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow alley leads west to one of the city watchtowers and east to
a small side street.

Name: An Abandoned Shop
Description: From the outside this place looks like an ordinary pile of rubble,
but inside these cramped quarters you discover what used to be a shop
filled with armor, weapons, and various other goods.  A small sign
flutters in the wind.

Name: The Tavern Of The Sun
Description: A glorious place in its prime, this tavern now lies in ruin; tables
and chairs are broken scattered, bottles and glasses shattered, and
a small performance stage crushed.  Musical instruments and personal
belongings lie under the rubble, but the people they once belonged to are 
not with them.  Looking up you see that the entire second floor and roof 
has fallen in, leaving a gaping hole above.

Name: The South Wing Of The City Hall
Description: You stand in a large room attached to this end of the hallway which 
leads back north to the reception area.  Pedestals and columns have fallen
and most of the valuable items have been taken, leaving worthless debris.
A few chairs have survived, as well as a large curved desk.  To the east
is a vine-covered archway leading out into a private courtyard.

Name: The City Hall
Description: This is the main reception area of Thalos' city hall.  The walls have
been charred and scored massively and debris is spread from wall to wall.
A large gaping hole in the west wall allows you to see out to one of
the city's side streets.  Obviously no one will be seeing you through today.  
Hallways lead south and east.

Name: The East Wing Of The City Hall
Description: Here lies the remnants of a fancy office, possibly the mayor's.  A few
withered plants and broken pieces of furniture make this place anything
but fancy, though.  The only thing remaining intact here is a large
glass cabinet.  A long hallway leads west back to the reception area and
an ivy-covered archway leads south into a private courtyard.

Name: The Private Gardens And Courtyard Of Thalos
Description: What a shame that this mass destruction also touched this once
beautiful place.  The temple's garden path has nothing on this garden.
Flowers and trees have been smashed into the ground and lawn benches
thrown through walls.  A large marble fountain in the center of the
courtyard still stands, though, defying any attempts to destroy its
beauty.  Above stands the remnants of one of the watchtowers.  Archways 
north and west lead back into the city hall.

Name: A Small Guard House
Description: This was once the barracks for Thalos' Cityguards.  Now just an empty
shell, this small shack still stands guarding the entrance both to the
city and to the city hall.

Name: A Collapsed Home
Description: All that's left of this house is a few scattered piles of rubble
and a very large blast crater.  Obviously someone or something important 
was once housed here.  A shrieking howl chills your blood.

Name: A Tall Dwelling
Description: This seems to be the tallest structure remaining in the city.  At
one time this could have been an inn of some sort, but now it is just
a mess.  The back wall as been completely knocked down revealing an 
entrance into another building through yet another collapsed wall.
Between the two buildings are a few blast craters and boulders.  An old
set of wooden steps leads up to a creaking second floor.

Name: A Small Shack
Description: This cramped dwelling could not have housed more than one person.  Now
with the back wall missing, it could hold many more.  Looking around you
find broken shelves and workbenches with various vials and pouches spilling
contents all across the floor.  This was possibly the magic shop of the
city.  The doorway to the east is blocked, making the only exit back west.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow back alley goes south to main street and north towards
a watchtower.  A mass of howls catches you of guard.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow back alley leads north to one of the city watchtowers
and south towards main street.  To the west is a doorway to a small
house blocked by debris.

Name: Under A Watchtower
Description: You stand under a tall watchtower.  Narrow back alleys lead west and
south and a very weak looking ladder leads up into the tower.  Above you,
you hear the screams of tens of starving lamias!  Beware!

Name: A Bath House
Description: This was once the bath house for the commoners of the city.  Hot
steamy water still wells up from a hole in the floor.  Obviously there
is a hot spring located under the city (making the decision to put
a city here seem much more reasonable).  Closer inspection of the water
yields a dead body floating around in it, skin melted away from months
of floating in there.  The west wall has collapsed revealing another
collapsed house.

Name: A Back Alley
Description: A narrow back alley leads west to a small side street and east to one 
of the city watchtowers.  Great amounts of steam issue forth from the
building to the south.

Name: An Upright House
Description: This home is practically the only one around that is still standing.
Except for the massive hole in the east wall, everything else looks
intact, including the windows.  Great amounts of steam issue forth from
the hole in the east wall.

Name: On The Second Floor
Description: The minute you step off onto this floor you realize it was a mistake.
The old rotted floorboards suddenly give way and you fall down, impaling
yourself on jagged boards below.

Name: The North-West Watchtower
Description: You stand atop one of the city watchtowers.  The view is magnificent
from here and you can see all the way to the western mountains.  No wonder
this place stood for so long.

Name: The South-West Watchtower
Description: You stand atop one of the city watchtowers.  The view is magnificent
from here and you can see all the way to the western mountains.  To the
south the desert stretches to the horizon.  No wonder this place stood
for so long.

Name: The North-East Watchtower
Description: You stand atop one of the city watchtowers.  The view is magnificent
from here and you the desert sand stretches to the horizon.  No wonder
this place stood for so long.  The ladder leading down seems rotted in
some places!

Name: Under A Watchtower
Description: As you descend the ladder, the rotted rungs break, sending you quickly
to your demise far below on the city street.  Splat.

Name: The Temple Of Thalos
Description: You stand within one of the most holy places in the realm.  This
stunning domed temple once housed the city's worshipers en masse.  
Unfortunately, it succumbed to the destruction brought on this city.
Long benches lie toppled and the altar desecrated.  Large chunks of stone
have fallen from the walls and roof, sending sunlight streaming in on
you.  A few books lie about, conveying to you a holy message in a
strange tongue.  
     Wind gusts through the four archways and howls and screams can be
heard from all parts of the city.

Name: The Great Eastern Desert
Description: A vast desert stretches for miles, the sands constantly shifting around
you.  Rising out of the sand to the north you see a mighty pyramid.

Name: At The Base Of The Pyramid
Description: The mighty pyramid towers above you out of the hot desert sands, made
from huge blocks of stone that have been coated over with a rough sandy
plaster-like substance.  The face of the pyramid is steep, but you think
you might be able to climb it.

Name: Climbing The Great Pyramid
Description: Hot air rises off the sides of the pyramid, and the wind chokes you with
a flurry of sand and dust.  So far you have made it halfway up the side.  The
walls of the pyramid are quite steep.

Name: Climbing The Great Pyramid
Description: Hot air rises off the sides of the pyramid, and the wind chokes you with
a flurry of sand and dust.  The walls of the pyramid are quite steep, and
you are having trouble keeping from sliding down into the sands below.

Name: Climbing The Great Pyramid
Description: Hot air rises off the sides of the pyramid, and the wind chokes you with
a flurry of sand and dust.  The walls of the pyramid are quite steep, and
you are having trouble keeping from sliding down into the sands below.

Name: Climbing The Great Pyramid
Description: Here on the eastern side of the pyramid there is a little more shelter
from the heat and wind.  The stone side is not nearly so slippery smooth
from the ravages of time, and you think you may be able to even reach the
top from here.

Name: The Apex Of The Great Pyramid
Description: Bathed in sweat, you have managed to reach the summit of the great
pyramid.  The four sides of the pyramid slope sharply down into the
hot sands in all four cardinal directions.
A plaque has been set into the sandy stones beneath your feet.

Name: On The Dangerous Stones
Description: Here the elements have carved away at the sides of the pyramid quite a 
bit.  You aren't so sure of your footing anymore...

Suddenly the wind picks up, and you lose your balance!
You tumble down the side of the pyramid, and fall to your death!

SPLAT.

Ouch.

Name: A Ladder
Description: You are climbing an ancient ladder that leads down into the depths of
the pyramid.  The air around is thick with layers of dust and a strange
musty smell.  Above you you see tiny beams of light coming through the
stones of the ceiling.

Name: A Musty Chamber
Description: You are standing in a dank, musty chamber just inside the pyramid. 
Footprints and other strange marks are set into the dusty floor here.
It would seem that some of the tenants of this monument are still alive.
Exits lead in all directions.   The door to the west is covered with
inscriptions.

Name: The Fire Pool
Description: This room is dominated by a massive raised pool that is filled with
not water but flames of intense heat.  The multicoloured flames lick out
at you, searching for things to burn.  The pool proceeds to the east into
a small chamber.

Name: The Chamber Of The Efreet
Description: You make your way across the fire pool, and into a small stone chamber.
Here the flames are nearly as high as your head, singeing your face and 
evaporating your sweat instantaneously.

Name: A Tiny Crawlway
Description: You have to go down onto your hands and knees to fit inside this tiny
space.  The crawlway is thick with sand and dust, and markings of the
passage of other creatures.

Name: A Tiny Crawlway
Description: You are on your hands and knees, inside a small crawlway that winds
through the inside of the pyramid.  The crawlway is thick with sand, dust, 
and markings of the passage of other creatures.

Name: A Tiny Crawlway
Description: You are on your hands and knees, inside a small crawlway that winds
through the inside of the pyramid.  The crawlway is thick with sand, dust, 
and markings of the passage of other creatures.

Name: A Tightening In The Crawlway
Description: Here you are forced to slide on your belly through a particularly tight
section of the crawlway, as the stones of the pyramid close together about
you.  Below you is a small, slippery-looking hole that plummets into
blackness.

Name: The Crawlway's End
Description: The crawlway shrinks away to nothing as the sandy stones of the pyramid
close together into a space through which only a snake could fit.   There is
barely enough space to turn around and make your way back through the tiny
crawlway to the north.

Name: A Slippery Hole
Description: The sides of this hole are slippery-smooth.  You lower yourself in, and 
proceed to move downward... when suddenly you lose your purchase!

You fall for what seems like an eternity, and smash into the stones below...



Under The Hole
   You are in a small chamber underneath the slippery hole, far below
the pyramid now.   The floor is strewn with bones.  To the south is a
small rocky crevasse.

Name: Under The Hole
Description: You are in a small chamber underneath the slippery hole, far below
the pyramid now.   The floor is strewn with bones.  To the south is a
small rocky crevasse.

Name: A Rough Crevasse
Description: You are now exploring deep within a strange rocky crevasse that plunges
down into the rock on which the pyramid was constructed.  To the south you
see the flickering light of a fire, and the crevasse proceeds downward.

Name: A Small Fire
Description: Here a small fire burns in a nook in the rocks, providing some warmth and
comforting light in the cold, dark, dry air.
Standing here is a strange-looking old man, who stares at you balefully.

Name: Down The Crevasse
Description: The crevasse proceeds downward into the dark depths of the earth.
The air about you is now cold and quite dry, and your light source
gutters in a cool breeze that wafts up from below.

Name: At The Crevasse's End
Description: Here the crevasse comes to an abrupt end.  A chilling wind howls
at your face from a black shape to the south, but the light from your
source is too dim to see exactly what it is.

Name: The Vault Of The Lamp
Description: The jaws of the massive stone tiger part wide to reveal a great vault.
An arched ceiling lies far above your head... and all about you is a low
guttural rumbling noise and a chill wind.
Giant heaps of ancient treasure, gold coins, and valuables surround you
on all sides.

Name: A Crack In The Wall
Description: You exhale, and squeeze yourself into the narrow crack in the wall.
Dust fills your eyes as you disturb it, and chunks of mortar and stone
mixed with a touch of sand fall on you as you scrape your way through.

Name: A Looted Tomb
Description: The floor of this small tomb is littered with the lids of 
smashed sarcophagi, bits of treasure dropped by thieves and
looters, and corpses pulled from their resting places.

Name: A Demolished Tomb
Description: This tomb has been utterly destroyed by thieves and looters in search of
the treasures of the pharoahs.  Nothing of interest remains in this room,
except a large stone coffin that leans against the western wall.

Name: A Stairway
Description: You stand now at the head of a stairway that goes down into darkness.
The steps and walls are smooth sandy stone, covered with a thick layer
of dust.  Some inscriptions are carved into the wall here.

Name: A Stairway
Description: You are on a stairway that disappears into darkness in both directions.
The smooth, uneven steps of the stairway have not been travelled in what
appears to be centuries.

Name: A Stairway
Description: You stand now at the base of the uneven stairway.  The walls, floor,
and ceiling of this small landing are covered with strange hieroglyphics.

Name: The Ancient Hall
Description: Here the air is deathly still, motes of dust thickly obscuring your
vision.  Several stone statues line the walls of the hall, depicting the 
gods of an ancient society.  Strange glyphs and sigils cover the walls, a 
peculiar pictorial form of written language that you don't understand.
   Some steps lead to a raised dais to the south.

Name: A Raised Dais
Description: You are at the southern end of the ancient hall, the dust and darkness
absorbing your light so that you cannot see past the steps of the dais.
A low pedestal rests here.  You see something written into the face of it.

Name: The Tomb Of Ramses
Description: You stand in an empty tomb, a cubicle no more then ten feet to a side.

Name: A Ransacked Tomb
Description: This tomb has been completely ransacked and destroyed by the actions
of pyramid thieves and looters.  The floor is littered with junk.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: The low-ceilinged tunnel runs east-west.

Name: A Fork In The Tunnel
Description: Here the tunnel forks off through a gaping hole down in the
southern wall, continuing onward to the east and west as well.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: The low-ceilinged tunnel makes a turn to the west and ends
to the north as it spills out into a dusty hallway.

Name: A Dank Chamber
Description: This chamber has a dank, dusty, musty smell to it.  Small footprints
in the dust betray the recent passage of some sort of creatures.  A hole 
in the floor lies to the west and a stairway is to the east.

Name: A Spiral Stairway
Description: Some dusty, broken stone stairs here spiral slowly in a constricted
space down towards a dusty hallway.

Name: A Dust-Covered Hallway
Description: This hallway is covered with dust that has accumulated over the
centuries that the pyramid has stood.  Small markings and footprints
in the dust betray the recent passage of others -- perhaps thieves?

Name: A Smelly Chamber
Description: This small chamber has a sickly putrescent smell to it, the
smell of formaldehyde and other ointments used to preserve the
corpses of those who died ages ago.

Name: A Dust-Covered Hallway
Description: This hallway is covered with a thick, choking dust that rises
up to obscure your light source and sting your eyes.  Small marks
and footprints in the dust betray the recent passage of others.

Name: A Turn In The Hallway
Description: You are standing in an elbow turn in a dust-covered stone hallway,
that dead ends to the north and continues on to the west.  To the south
the stones of the pyramid have been torn asunder by thieves, making
a low-ceilinged tunnel.

Name: A Dead End
Description: The dust-covered hallway has come to an abrupt end at a stony,
featureless wall.  Here and there are signs of the recent passage
of others in the dust.

Name: The Tomb Entrance
Description: You are in a small, dark chamber that has stood undisturbed for
many years.  To the north stands a massive stone tomb, which is
covered in hieroglyphics and gold-lined carvings that mark it as the
final resting place of the mighty pharoahs of this land.

Name: The Tomb Of The Pharoahs
Description: Great golden sarcophogai line the walls of this massive tomb.  It has
withstood the passage of time intact, untouched by the hands of thieves
and looters.  The treasures taken by the pharoahs to their graves still
lie before your feet.

Name: A Rubble-Strewn Hallway
Description: This hallway formerly had a beautiful arch to the ceiling, now
collapsed under the weight of the slowly settling stones of the
pyramid.  Now, a massive pile of rubble leads up into a hole high 
in the northern portion of the hallway.  To the south, through the 
rubble and fallen stones you see a sandstone crypt.

Name: A Sandstone Crypt
Description: This small crypt is lit by a hole in the wall to the south, through
which sand pours from the desert outside.  A hot wind blows in from the
desert, drying your skin instantly.  To the east and north the arched
hallway continues.

Name: An Arched Hall
Description: This hallway has a beautiful arch to it, formed painstakingly and
exquisitely out of the sandy stones of the pyramid.  The dust that
covers most of the rest of the pyramid interior is not present here,
scoured away by the blowing of the desert winds that howl about
your ears.

Name: An Arched Hall
Description: This hallway has a beautiful arch to it, formed painstakingly and
exquisitely out of the sandy stones of the pyramid.  To the east is
a small, golden-coloured crypt, and the hall proceeds to the south
and north.

Name: A Golden Crypt
Description: You stand inside a small crypt with walls and ceiling made of
golden bricks that obscure the large sandy stones of the pyramid.
Small rugs and tapestries are scattered about the floor here, and
they appear to have been used recently.

Name: An Arched Hall
Description: This hallway has a beautiful arch to it, formed painstakingly and
exquisitely out of the sandy stones of the pyramid.  The arched
hall proceeds to the north and ends to the south in a small vault.

Name: A Shining Vault
Description: The stones of the pyramid here take on a strange, twinkling quality,
almost seeming to shine with an internal light.  As you look closer you
see tiny glass-like glittery particles within the stones, that reflect
the light from your light source so perfectly that they seem to shine.

Name: A Massive Sand Dune
Description: You stand now on a massive sand dune on the southern side of
the pyramid.  At the foot of the sand dune to the north you see a
small hole where the stones of the pyramid have collapsed.  Not
far to the south is a massive roiling sandstorm; the wind from the
storm howls and bites at your face even here.

Name: A Swirling Sandstorm
Description: You are caught in the midst of a massive sandstorm.  Howling winds
buffet you from all sides, and the sand tears at your skin, blinding
you and choking you.  You have lost all sense of direction.

Name: A Swirling Sandstorm
Description: You are caught in the midst of a massive sandstorm.  Howling winds
buffet you from all sides, and the sand tears at your skin, blinding
you and choking you.  You have lost all sense of direction.

Name: A Swirling Sandstorm
Description: You are caught in the midst of a massive sandstorm.  Howling winds
buffet you from all sides, and the sand tears at your skin, blinding
you and choking you.  You have lost all sense of direction.

Name: A Swirling Sandstorm
Description: You are caught in the midst of a massive sandstorm.  Howling winds
buffet you from all sides, and the sand tears at your skin, blinding
you and choking you.  You have lost all sense of direction.

Name: A Massive Sand Dune
Description: Somehow you managed to make your way through the howling winds
of the sandstorm, and clamber up on this sand dune.  You can see the
storm to the north of you, and presumably the pyramid is somewhere
beyond it.  Nothing but flat, featureless, open dunes of sand lie in
every other direction.

Name: Through The Hole In The Sand
Description: You squeeze through the small hole in the sand and land in a small
white chamber.  Above you is a small hole, reachable by climbing up
the small sandy slope down which you slid.

Name: The Entrance To The Dancing Daemon Inn
Description: You find yourself in an entrance foyer to the Dancing Daemon Inn.
Chrome plated stairs spiral up to the reception area.  To the south
you hear the sounds of merriment and drinking and from the west you
hear the bustling activity of New Thalos.

Name: The Reception Area
Description: You are now standing in the reception of New Thalos.  A huge mahogany
desk is here along with two sofas and a coffee table covered in magazines.
The plush carpeting under your feet is a nice change from the rugged paths
you are used to travelling.  A chrome stairway spirals downstairs to the
tavern of the Dancing Daemon Inn, and your future adventures in New Thalos.

Name: The Dancing Daemon Inn
Description: A huge circling wet-bar takes up most of the east end of the Daemon.  An
old mage reclines against the mirror behind the bar absentmindedly pouring
several drinks at once with his refined telekinesis.  The Lokettes, a local
band, are playing their usual gig on the stage.  The large booths along the
all are filled with people drinking and having a grand time.  You feel like
partying here.
The only obvious exit is to the north.

Name: The Medina
Description: You stand on the Medina, on the larger open areas in New Thalos.
People walk to and fro carrying on their day to day business.  The
Common Square of the people opens up to the south and the Medina
continues north.

Name: The Medina
Description: You are walking along a wide open expanse of road connecting
Market Square to the Common Square.  Panhandlers, beggars, and
other such riff-raff wander about hoping to catch those few who
with open hearts.  The Medina continues to the south and the
Market Square spreads out to the north.

Name: Southern Market Square
Description: The large square of markets fills your vision.  Strange sights and
sounds, those known only to the New Thalos market, barrage your senses.
The only hope of making any sense of what is going on here is to wander
around.  Market Square continues north, west, and east, with the Medina
trailing off th the south.

Name: The Center Of Market Square
Description: You are standing in the center of Market Square, the famous square
of New Thalos.  A large, peculiar looking statue is standing in the
middle of the square.  The square extends in every direction.

Name: Southeastern Market Square
Description: In this corner of the market some of the largest warriors in the land
tower over you.  It is easy to understand why they hang out here once you
notice the weapon shop and the armoury close by.  Perhaps you might stop
in and take a look at the wares these shops have to offer.

Name: Southwestern Market Square
Description: This area of the market seems relatively quiet, save the high pitch
banter of the shopkeepers attempting to lure you into their stores.
South you see the bread stand and west is the entrance to the general
store.
   The market's sprawl continues east and north of here.

Name: Western Market Square
Description: This area of the square seems a bit more subdued than the rest.
You notice that most of the outland adventurers mill around the
southern end of the market, while the townfolk seem to keep their
business in the northern end.
   West Main street begins here and heads for the gate, the market's 
expanse fills the other directions.

Name: The Common Square
Description: People pass by talking to each other, or rest their weary bones on this
grassy field.  You can hear faint sounds of the river to the south of you
as it passes through the city.  Ishtar drive heads east and west from here
and the Medina is to the north.  South lies the River Ishtar Bridge and the
southern gate.

Name: Outside The Southern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You see before you the expanse of the Great Eastern Desert.
You have heard many tales of the Great Pyramid, the lost city
of Old Thalos and the friendly brass dragon that lies under the
desert.
   To the south lies the desert and the city of New Thalos is
to the north.

Name: The Southern Bridge
Description: Walking over the bridge you see the rushing waters of the River
Ishtar.  To the south you see the Southern Gate of New Thalos and
the Common Square stretches out to the north

Name: Inside The South Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers rise up to greet you with the massive iron
gate swinging on ornately crafted hinges and emblazoned with the crest
of New Thalos.  The makers of the city spared no expense in rebuilding
the defenses or their home.  The River Ishtar bridge lies to the north
and the desert to the south.

Name: Northwestern Market Square
Description: This corner of the market contains some of the most civilized folk
in New Thalos.  To the north lies the humble store of the merchant
Ahkeem, his weavings known to be the best in the city.  West of here
is the entrance to the First Royal Bank of New Thalos.

Name: Northern Market Square
Description: You stand in one of the most heavily used parts of town.  To the north
lies the Palace of New Thalos and the Casbah, east west and south of here
the busy market thrives with life.

Name: Northeastern Market Square
Description: Pandemonium.  Chaos.  Madness.  A few other choice words come to mind
as you gaze into this corner of the market.  The vegetable stand seems
quiet enough so you have to assume the noise comes from the Butchery.
You have to think for a while before you muster the will to enter this
shop.  The market continues to the south and west.

Name: Eastern Market Square
Description: You stand in the market of New Thalos, the gem of the desert.  The
market is the hub of the city, all trade and commerce of any significance
is carried on here.  The market spreads out in all directions save east,
here Main Street heads for the easter gate.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: This cobblestone road aides your journey through town.  Traveling north
will take you by the Palace and the Dancing Daemon Inn, and south will put
you on Market Square.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: This part of the road travels between one of the sturdy walls of
the Palace and the Dancing Daemon.  To the east you peer through a
small window into the Daemon, seeing many people dancing and drinking.
After you tend to your other chores you plan on visiting the Daemon.
   The walk continues north and south from here.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: The road here between the Palace and the Dancing Daemon Inn seems well
worn by the travel of horses, carts, and leather boots.  From the west you
hear the faint sound of trumpets announcing the arrival of some duke or
duchess to the Palace.  Safe haven awaits you to the east in the halls
of the Daemon, and Sultan's Walk continues north and south.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: The main road north from the square continues here, surrounded
by the walls of the Palace and the Daemon.  To the north you see
the heavily guarded gate and can make out faint sounds of trade
to the south.

Name: Inside The Northern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers rise up to greet you with a massive iron
gate swinging between on ornately crafted hinges and emblazend with
the crest of New Thalos.  The makers of this city spared no costs
in rebuilding the defenses of their home.
   Sultan's Walk runs to the south and the Casbah stretches out east
and west.  To the north is wilderness.

Name: Inside The West Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers embedded in the wall loom over you.  The
massive iron gate, emblazoned with the crest of New Thalos, swings
easily on four ornately crafted hinges.  It is obvious the makers
of this city spared no expense in protecting their home.
   Main street heads towards the market eastward and the wilderness
beckons from the west.  To the south lies the entrance the Warriors'
Guild.

Name: West Main Street
Description: This is the main road traveling though the city.  To the south you
hear the hammering of the repair shop and to the north is the grassy
field known as Temple Square.  Main street continues east and west.

Name: West Main Street
Description: A foreman stands stand here watching over two construction workers
fixing a pothole.  The road here branches off north and south into
two alleys behind the stores of the market.  The main street continues
east and west from here.

Name: West Main Street
Description: You are strolling on the street between the bank and general store.
To the west you hear a roadcrew at work and to the east, the sounds of 
commerce taking place.  The air is filled with the smell of gold and
riches.
On the wall of the store is a poster.

Name: East Main Street
Description: Here on East Main, you smell the odor of freshly slaughtered meat
and, hear the pounding of new metal from the armory.  The Square is
to the west and a junction is to the East.

Name: East Main Street
Description: You are on East Main Street.  To the North is the beginning
of Guildsman Row.  To the South is a dark alley.  The road also
continues to the East.
There is a small sign on a wire hanging across the junction.

Name: East Main Street
Description: As you walk by the mercenary guild a cold chill causes you to shiver
uncontrollably.  You see some shady looking characters lurking about the
entrance to this house of 'helpful' people.  Perhaps curiosity gets the
best of you, but you wonder what could be going on inside.  To the north
you see the open doors of the apothecary shop where one may buy many
magical livations.
   Main Street continues east and west from here.

Name: East Main Street
Description: The Main street through eastern New Thalos begins here and heads
westward towards the marketplace.  One of the main gates can be seen
to the east and Braheem's Magic Shop awaits your business to the north.

Name: Inside the Eastern Gate of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers imbedded in the wall loom over you.  The
massive iron gate, emblazened with the crest of New Thalos, swings
easily on four ornately crafted hinges.  It is obvious the makers
of this city spared no expense in protecting their home.
   Main street heads towards the market westward and the wilderness
beckons from the east.  To the north lies the entrance to the Mages'
Guild.

Name: Cassandra's Catch Of The Day
Description: Nothing in your life has prepared you for the odor which fills your
lungs.  Not wanting to offend the beautiful shopkeeper you hold your
tongue and quietly look over her selection.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: This is the warehouse district of New Thalos.  Strong men walk back
and forth from the docks to the warehouse carrying large crates loading
and unloading the boats as they sail down the river.  To the north is
one of the entrances of the warehouse and West Ishtar leads east.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: A few men walk by almost pushing you out of the way as they go about
their business of loading and unloading the boats.  An entrance to one
of the huge warehouses of New Thalos is to the north and the River Ishtar 
quietly flows by to the south.  Ishtar Drive continues east and west.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: The cobblestone road is moist here, the trail of water heading down to
the boat ramp.  Catching your balance as you start to slide on the slick
pavement you grab on to the handrail someone has conveniently placed here.
   To the north is the Shipwright and Ishtar Drive continues east and west.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: A cool breeze blows up off the river chilling the sweat otherwise
present on your skin.  Orders and sometimes curses can be heard from
the west in the direction of the warehouses.  The common square opens
up to the east and Ishtar Drive continues west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Loud hammering and the sound of red hot iron cooling in water reaches 
your ears as you stand in front of the blacksmith.  A small boy runs up
to you with big eyes and, as you return his gaze, runs off down the road.
   The common square can be seen to the west and Ishtar Drive continues
to the east.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: The wide road bordering the south of town continues to the east west
here, bordered only by the hay-loft to the north and the River Ishtar to
the south.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Small clumps of hay strewn about the ground alerts you to the fact
that you have reached the stables.  Arabian stallions as well as many
other  fine breeds of horses can be purchased for a price.  Ishtar Drive
continues east and west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Even in broad daylight, you can hardly see into the back alley
that begins here and heads north.  Sounds of loud drunken folk and
the occasional screaming cat emenate from the direction.  Luckily
you have the choice of going east or west down the drive as well.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Your highly acute sense of smell reports you have reached the
entrance to the fish market.  Although renowned for it fresh catches
and wide selection of aquarian delicacies you wonder how much longer
you can endure the smell!  The River Ishtar flows alongside to the
south with the drive running along side it east to west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: The sound of squawking gulls and the smell of rotting fish gives you
a hint of your location.  The River Ishtar flows south of you, but looks
crystal clear, so it cannot be the source of this putrid smell.
Looking north you notice a small sign hanging over the dump.

Name: The Boat Ramp
Description: This sloped slab of stone allows easy passage to and from the River
Ishtar.  Boats are moored to the docks here awaiting their masters to
return from the warehouses and the pubs.  The waters of the River Ishtar
lap at your feet to the south and Ishtar Drive is to the north.

Name: West Casbah
Description: The air takes on a somber note as you stand before the entrance to the
jailhouse of New Thalos.  Hopefully you won't ever see this structure from
the inside.  The northwest tower stands here with a spiral staircase 
leading up.  The Avenue ends here, only exiting to the east.

Name: West Casbah
Description: You have almost reached the end of the Avenue in this direction, the 
number of guards in this part of town is nearly doubled.  To the north
the familiar city wall protects you from the wilderness.  Looking south
marble stairs rise towards the entrance of city hall surrounded by 
massive white pillars.
   The Avenue continues east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The wall of the Palace curves south from here, a darkened alley runs
along it in that direction.  West of here you see the steps of the City
Hall and notice the increase in the number of guards.
   To the east the Avenue continues.

Name: The Casbah
Description: As you travel down the road towards towards the City Hall you look up
at the guards walking along the wall keeping watch.  South of you stands
the great walls of the Palace and the Avenue goes east and west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The cobblestone pavement runs along the north wall here.  South of you
stand the great walls of the Palace and the Avenue goes east and west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The activity here is only slightly less than chaotic.  Young boys run
to and fro with stern intent, and older gentleman swagger down the street
towards the Library.  To the west you can see the tall towers of the
northern gate, and the Avenue continues east.

Name: The Casbah
Description: Walking along the cobblestone path you feel secure with the walls of
the city towering over you.  You hear the scraping sounds of metal on
stone and look up to see a large, strong guard looking out to the north.
   To the east lies the intersection on Guildsman's Row and the northern
gate is a short walk to the west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The din of the guilds assaults your senses as you reach this
intersection, the sound of hammering, the smell of tanned leather,
and the smoke rising from the smithy all rush up to greet you.
  The Avenue continues east and west from here and the Row leads
south.

Name: The Casbah
Description: You walk between the solid stone wall of the city and that of the
Masons' Guild.  Young children with their nannies walk around enjoying
the saftey of the city.
   The Avenue runs east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: You have almost reached the end of the Avenue in this direction.
Walking towards the north-east corner of the city you notice the
population density here is much less then the rest of the town.  A
few old men hobbling on canes and young men intent on studies are
the only travelers of the path to the library on a regular basis.
   The Avenue continues east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The Avenue ends here, turning south to become Kali Row.  Traveling in
that direction will take you to the Library and the grand dance hall of
the city.
   The northeast tower of the wall is accessible here up a spiral staircase.

Name: Kali Row
Description: This is a small, newly added section of the town.  The city's Library
can be entered through the door to the west and the Casbah begins its
journey a little ways north of here.  The Row and the entrance to the
dancehall is to the south.

Name: Kali Row
Description: The short Row ends abruptly here at the entrance to the dance
hall of New Thalos.
   The entrance to the hall is to the west and the Row continues
northward.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues north and south.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a dark alley running between the Palace and City Hall.  Not a
lot here, unless you're partial to spiders and rats.

Name: Alley
Description: The alley ends here.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: This Row is a hive of activity second only to the actual Market 
Square itself.  Along this row stands all the guilds of the working
class citizens of New Thalos, here all the items sold in the Square
are made.  Along this particular stretch of the row lie the Boyer/
Fletcher to the west and the Masons' to the east.
   The Row leads off to the south and East Casbah is to the north.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: The guilds continue here, to the west is the Weavers' Guild, and
to the east stands the Craftsmans' Guild.  The row of guilds continues
north and south from here.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: Only one guild offers its door to this stretch of the Row, the Tanners'
Guild, to the west.  To the east is a beautifully sculpted marble door
allowing entrance to the Museum of the Greater Gods.
   The Row of Guilds leads north and south.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: After the guilds were built the people of the city used some of the
extra space to erect a shrine to their patron saints.  The result of
this labor became the Museum of the Greater Gods.
   You may enter the sacred hall to the east.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: This small cramped road is worn with travel as apprentices to the
guilds run merchandise from the guildhouses to the shops on Market
Square.
   The guildhouses lie to the north and Main street is to the south.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a tiny corner in the alley.  The temple walls are north and
west.  You notice a fair amount of footprints to the east.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a dead end to the tiny alley.  There is an unusual amount of
wear apparent on the ground.

Name: Alley
Description: You are in a tiny ally between the temple and the bank.  You hear
some shouting and general roadwork to the south.  The ground is rough
and in need of repair.  In the road is a small pothole.

Name: Alley
Description: You are on a small alley between the repair shop and the general
store.  Nothing much here but small rodents and dust.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a small corner in the alley behind the warehouses and the guild
of warriors.  You notice some small scrapings to the west.

Name: Alley
Description: The alley ends here as do the footprints you had noticed earlier.

Name: Underground
Description: You are in a small underground passage beneath the city.  You see a
small glint of light from above and the passage continues south.

Name: Underground
Description: The passage continues north and south.

Name: Underground
Description: The tunnel branches here going north, east, and west.

Name: Underground
Description: The alley turns again here and heads south and west.  You notice a
small glint of light from above.

Name: Underground
Description: The passage ends here and you hear some low chanting from the west.
You also notice the clearing of dust on the ground but can't seem to
find any door in that direction.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues north and south from here.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage heads north and east from here.  You here the sounds
of the city above you.

Name: Underground
Description: The tunnel continues you west and east.  Hopefully you have a good sense
of direction.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: High above you on the top of the city wall guards look down to see if
you wish to exit the city via water.  To do so they must open the iron
grating in front  of you from above.  The horrid smell of the dump wafts
down from the shore.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The gentle flow of the river carries you eastward, looking up you
see couples strolling along the road.  To the west you see the southern
bridge and to the east you see the iron grating protecting the city from
unwanted guests.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: You hear your voice echo as you float under the bridge above.  The
city construction crews have just recently finished the small ladder
giving common-folk easy access to the river.  To the west and east you
see the river flowing by the city.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: This part of the river seems alive with activity.  Boats moored to
the docks near the ramp north of here make navigation a bit more trying.
As the river flows eastward you can see the southern bridge in that
direction.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows through a huge iron grating from the wilderness
through the city.  Strong guards above await word to open the portal
should any citizen require exit or entry.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: You seem to have stumbled into a small hand made passage.  The wall
to the west doesn't look quite right but searching it reveals no secret
doors.  The only exit it seems is east.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage continues east and west from here.  Again you
notice something peculiar about the wall, this time to the north,
but you fail to find any secret doors.  Voices can be faintly heard
from the north.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage continues west and east from here.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage ends here for no apparent reason.  Looking around
you find a small ladder half buried in the dirt.  setting it up you find
a trap door in the ceiling.  The passage continues west from here.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Clerics' Sanctum
Description: You walk down the staircase into the silent inner sanctum.  Here sits
your guildmaster ready to assist you when the time is right.  The room
is completely silent.  The only obvious exit is back up the staircase
into the the Nectar.

Name: The Chamber Of The High Priest
Description: You have entered the chamber of the most holy man in New Thalos.  The
High Priest advises the Sultan on all matters in the world of the sacred.
From what you have heard however, this holy man has a bit of a temper,
and he doesn't look very happy that you've disturbed his prayers.
   The only obvious exit is south.

Name: By The Altar
Description: You are by the temple altar in the northern end of Temple of New
Thalos.  A huge altar made of highly polished black onyx is standing
in front of you.  Behind this altar sits a twelve foot tall statue of
Akbal, the highest god in all the lands.

Name: The Weavers' Guild
Description: Rows and rows of uncut cloth lie about waiting to be hemed up
into tailored clothes.  Cotten is brought in from the country side
and spun up into cloth and dyed different colors.  A young boy walks
in, grabs a pile of clothing and leaves.

Name: The Craftsmans' Guild
Description: You have entered a busy workshop filled with people running amok
with various tools and materials.  The air is tense with the rush to
complete various projects and creations.

Name: Inside The Temple
Description: The temple continues here, but not on such a grand scale.  The place
still looks immaculate.  To the north you see the chamber of the High
Priest and a sign on the door in BIG letters thats reads 'DO NOT DISTURB'
To the south is the entrance to the Clerics' Guild.

Name: Inside The Temple
Description: Huge marble pillars rise on either side of you and grab hold of
the ceiling.  Between each of these, fine softstone frescoes have
been carved depicting scenes from the religous history of New Thalos.
Rows of pews face forward giving their full attention to the pulpit
rising high above the ground.  The deep red carpeting underfoot shows
not a speck of wear or dirt.  It is obvious that New Thalonians take
religion seriously.

Name: The Donation Room
Description: This room is new to the temple, it was created during the hard times
that had struck the city in recent decades.  Luckily for them the Sultan
had been hoarding some of the basic neccesities for just such an occasion.
These days the donation room depends on the generosity of wealthy 
adventurers, and a curse on any that walk in to take everything.

Name: The Museum Of The Greater Gods
Description: Four large stone statues reside in the museum.  They were constructed
by the people of New Thalos to pay homage to the saints they believe to 
have saved all their lives.
   The museum continues to the south.

Name: The Entrance To The Guild of Clerics
Description: This hall pales in comparison to that of the main hall, but is
beautiful in its own right.  Shaven heads and brown robes can be
seen milling about quitely talking to each other.  North is back
inside the temple proper, and south is the entrance to the clerics'
bar.

Name: The Temple Gates
Description: You stand before the entrance way to the Temple of New Thalos.  Two
large wrought iron gates lie open before you.  Although they might not
ever be used the priests in the temple are ready to defend themselves,
should their city ever come under seige again.

Name: Ahkeem's Stuff
Description: You step into a shop swirling with smoke.  Ahkeem seems to have a
liking for things not of this world... very strange stuff indeed.

Name: Vera's Veggies
Description: This is a busy place.  Customers shuffle around, bartering for lower
prices on the wide selection of vegetables.  You can still hear your
mother telling you 'Eat your Veggies'.  That is probably why you are
spending time in the city of New Thalos and not with her.  But wait...
Vera looks just like your mother!

Name: The Museum Of The Greater Gods
Description: Four large stone statues reside in the museum.  They were constructed
by the people of New Thalos to pay homage to the saints they believe to 
have saved all their lives.
   The museum continues to the north.

Name: The Base Of The Tower
Description: You walk into a cold room whose only feature is an old wooden
staircase spirling up along the wall to a higher level.  Up these
stairs you are told awaits the old mage who may be able to help
you advance in your studies.

Name: The Mages' Courtyard
Description: You enter a small tiled courtyard with a small fountain in the middle.
Around the sides are four wrought iron benches with cushions where the
mages of the land sit and exchange ideas.  To the west stands a two-story
tower where the leader of the mages' guild performs his experiments.

Name: Nectar Of The Gods
Description: You are startled by the lavishness of this place.  From what you
know of clerics they are supposed to be humble people, giving all their
material goods to their cause.  Perhaps because only clerics are 
allowed to enter this bar they have condoned making it as comfortable
as possible.  In the corner stands a staircase leading down to the
meditaion chambers.

Name: Temple Square
Description: You are standing on the meeting grounds of those with holy
intentions.  Monks, bards, paladins and clerics mill around
either preaching or listening to their fellows preach.  Huge
marble steps lead up to the gates of the temple and Main Street
lies to the south.

Name: The Bank
Description: You stand in a large building decorated with black marble and red
satin.  Huge pillars support an arched ceiling far above your head.
You wonder at the skill the dwarves have for detail as you examine
the trim.  Fine silver seperates the polished blocks that make up the
floor.

Name: The Butchery
Description: This shop has the aroma of freshly slaughterd beasts.  You feel right
at home.  You see a fairly simple set up.  The corpses... er... selections
hang on hooks, still bleeding into catch pans that drain into a single
underground vat.  You wonder where that leads...

Name: The Witch's Brew
Description: The first thing you notice as you walk into this spacious shop is
the hundreds of candles that line the shelves.  The swirling mist that
surrounds your feet makes it seem that you have stepped into a gateway
to another plane.  A cluttered table stands near the far wall, opposite
the doorway.

Name: Braheem's Magic Shop
Description: You enter a shop crowded with bookshelves and clutterd with scrolls.
The owner seems to be hard at work on his latest magical creation.
You see a small sign on the wall.

Name: The Entrance To The Mages' Tower
Description: The entrance hall is a small poor lighted room.  It would seem its
only purpose is to house the powerful sorcerer standing here guarding 
the entrance.

Name: The Entrance To The Guild of Warriors
Description: This small hall is merely a check point to keep the unwanted out.

Name: The Repair Shop
Description: One of the most popular shops in New Thalos, this shop is always a
hive of activity.  It is almost inhuman the way one man can fix all
types of armour singlehandedly.  If you have an item in need of repair
simply give it to the man behind the counter.
There is a small sign on the counter.

Name: The General Store
Description: The new found wealth of this beautiful city is apearant in the exotic
items for sale here.  You wonder what would happen if you typed... LIST...

Name: Abdul's Armour
Description: The sound of hammering metal grows louder as you enter the armoury.
Young boys run to and fro carrying buckets of water and coal.  A few
dwarves work on sections of armour in the back of the shop, their
hammers working too fast to follow.  The walls are adorned in all of
Abdul's prize creations.  Here you can purchase suits of armour meant
to keep monsters from hacking you into little pieces.
A note on the wall beckons your attention.

Name: The Mercenaries' Guild
Description: This guild is frowned upon by most of the population of New Thalos,
but the laws of supply and demand are irresistable.  People come here
when they feel unable or are unwilling to fight their own battles.  For
a small fee you may hire a henchman.

Name: The Mercenaries Guild
Description: This is the storage room for the mercenaries to be hired.

Name: Entrance To The Thieves' Guild
Description: This small, dark room has a single torch mounted in the wall for
light. There is a small wooden bench and a book lying on it.  The
assassin guarding the entrance from 'outsiders' stands as you walk
in.

Name: The Whet Stone
Description: Very large men with very large swords drink beer from very large mugs.
Everything in this room is BIG.  The large round tables are scuffed and
nicked from the numerous bar brawls that have sprung up.  It might be a
good idea to hold your tounge for a while as you soak up the atmosphere.
   There is an exit to the east where the master swordsman awaits pupils
to train with.

Name: The Tournament And Practice Yard
Description: This is a wide expanse of grass filled with dummies, punching bags
and swordpupils.  To the north you see a man dressed in black robes,
unlike his iron clad comrades, who you assume to be your master.

Name: The Bread Stand
Description: A small stand has been set up here, showing the shopkeep's humble
selection.  You notice he has added a few things to his list.

Name: Igor's Implements Of Destruction
Description: You can't help but shiver as you look at the selection of vicious
weapons.  Huge swords and wicked looking axes hang on pegs around the
room.  A dwarf sits at a bench in the back hammering away on his latest
creation.  It is here you can buy rare and exotic items not found in
other parts of the world.
A note catches your eye.

Name: Ye Old Leather Shoppe
Description: You are standing on a thick oriental rug surrounded on all sides by
racks of numerous leather goods.  A few women sit on leather cushions
sewing in some detail work on custom ordered jackets.

Name: Smuggler's Inn
Description: You are inside a filthy inn, that seemingly has been cleaned in
decades.  Poker tables line the walls and everyone stares at you as
you walk in, you don't feel very welcome.  The bar has numerous
knife holes in it and the bartender leans over waiting for your
order.

Name: The Filthy Unicorn
Description: A draft chills your bones as you enter, though you see no open
window or door.  Hooded figures lurk around in the shadows and speak
in low voices.  A flash of steel lets you know that weapons are in
great abundance in this crowd.  As you quickly check your beltpouch
you notice a small staircase leading down.

Name: The Warehouse
Description: You are standing in a large room used to store merchandise made in the
city before it is shipped off.  All the items here are made in New Thalos
and shipped to other parts of the land.

Name: The Warehouse
Description: Men walk to and fro counting crates and writing down their findings.
This area of the warehouse is used for storing the raw materials brought
in from areas outside the city.  These goods are then delivered to the
various guilds.  The export area of the warehouses is to the south.

Name: The Shipwright
Description: The wood under you feet creaks from years of being soaked in saltwater.
An old man with a curly, grey beard stand behind a small counter waiting
to take your order.  Behind him are mounted various model sailboats and
large fish.

Name: The Drafting Room
Description: The walls are covered with paper sketchings of hull designs.  This room
is used by the shipwright to build his creations on paper before making a
single cut in wood.

Name: The Forge
Description: Very much like the weaponsmith this man deals in the molding of metal.
It seems that most of his creations deal with horses.  On the walls you
see several horseshoes made of iron.  The room is hot, hotter than the
desert just south of here, and one wonders how the smithy can stand it.

Name: The Royal Stables
Description: Nothing you wouldn't expect is here.  Several stalls hold the
Sultan's choice Arabian Stallions, and each has their own trough
for drinking.  A small boy wanders in sometimes with a shovel to
remove the offensive by-product of such beasts.

Name: The Secret Yard
Description: This is a hidden yard known to only a few people in New Thalos.  Here
you may train in the arts of stealing, picking locks, and becoming almost
invisible.
   A small staircase leads back up to the Unicorn.

Name: The Dump
Description: This is the place where the people of the city dump their trash.  Due
to the constant winds blowing down the moutains the smell is usually blown
outside the walls and over the desert.

Name: The Mage's Laboratory
Description: You stand in the top of an old stone tower.  Along the walls hundreds
of potions, scroll, and wands lie in disaray.  The man you see before you
sits hunched over a small wooden table with two beakers of bubbling liquid
in front of him.  He looks up as you enter and smiles broadly.

Name: The Hay Loft
Description: Not as big as the ones you see on farms in the country, this hay loft
serves as a storage area for the horses in the stables.  The young boy
you saw with the shovel seems to have takes up residence on the second
story.

Name: The Grand Entrance
Description: Nowhere have you seen such an obscene display of wealth then in this 
corridor.  The shaggy carpeting under your feet makes it seem as if you
are walking on a cloud.  Platinum candelabras hang delicately from the
ceiling casting light on the ancient tapestries adorning the walls.  The
crick in your neck tells you that it is time to stop staring.  To the west
the numerous halls of the palace being and the gate lies to the east.

Name: The Library
Description: This building holds the vast collection of books and documents
that have been brought here by the commitee apointed to recover the
lost knowledge of Thalos.  Rows of shelves filled with book in every
condition line the walls.  The air has the aroma of old parchment
and glue.

Name: The Dance Hall
Description: You seem to have missed a huge party.  The janitors are here cleaning
up the confetti and pieces of food.  Hundreds of empty beer mugs on the 
tables surrounding the dance floor suggest that the citizens love their
drink.  There is still a banner on the wall.

Name: The Jail
Description: You are in jail.  For some reason, someone feels that you've screwed
up pretty bad and should be put away safely for a while.

Name: City Hall
Description: You stand inside the administrative head of the city.  Here the
decisions regarding city policy are made.  Although the Sultan's
word is law, he usually spends his time on affairs outside the city
wall.

Name: The Boyer/Fletchers' Guild
Description: The walls in this room are covered with pegs that hold various types
of bows.  There are few people working here, lending to the fact that
the skills are rare to come by in the general populas.  A few boys are
busy in the corner preparing feathers for the fine shafts used in making
arrows.  Some Elven craftsmen are carefuly inspecting each bow as it is
finnished.

Name: The Masons' Guild
Description: There is no doubt that the Dwarves here know what they're doing.  They
have been invaluable in the building of this beautiful city.  Here they
are hard at work doing what they do best.  The hammers fly in a blur as
these talented craftsmen work the stone into ornate bricks, pillars, trim,
and many other forms.

Name: The Guard House
Description: You stand inside the southern of the two main guard houses.  The
stone interior has a spartan look to it, only the bare neccesities.
A few weapons are mounted on the walls in case they might be needed.

Name: The Palace Gate
Description: You stand before a magnificantly crafted gate wrought in solid gold.
You gape in awe at the splendor of the spirilng towers beyond the portal.
The ruler of all the eastern lands resides in this fine palace, and he is
not a poor man.  The grand entrance lies byond the gate, and Sultan's Walk
is to the east.

Name: The Northwest Tower
Description: You stand on one of the four towers guarding the city.  The view from
here is great!  To the west you see the tall mountains that make up the
divide between here and Midgaard.  The River Ishtar slowly flows from that
direction.  South you can see the entire city of New Thalos and the Great
Eastern Desert to the south.

Name: The Guard House
Description: You stand inside the northern of the two main guard houses.  Strong
guards are seated here, playing cards.  The stone interior is clean but
bare walled save the weapons and armor mounted in the walls.
   The only exit is south.

Name: The Kitchen
Description: Your footsteps echo off the stone tiles of the kitchen.  On the south
wall you see the large fire place and a huge copper pot bubbling merrily.
The chef is busy chopping up greens and other vegetables at the wooden
table for tonight's meal.  Servants scurry about grabbing utensils and
preparing fresh hares.
   A small door leads out into the hall northward and the doorway to the
dining hall is west.

Name: The Northeast Tower
Description: You stand on one of the four towers guarding the city.  To the north
you see the wide plains and then the forset.  South of here you see the
city and the Great Eastern Desert beyond.

Name: A Hall
Description: You are at the eastern end of the southern hallway.  A small servants'
entrance gives access to the kitchen and the hall continues west.

Name: The Tanners' Guild
Description: You first notice the pungent smell of freshly tanned leather goods as
you enter this strange place.  The next thing that grabs your attention
is the many colors that these people have transformed the beautiful
skins into.  The people are streaching the leather and cutting it into
the shapes they need.
You notice a small message on a wall.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have come to the eastern end of the northern hallway.  The only
exit is west except for the simple wooden door to the north.
There is a golden plaque above the door.

Name: The Shrine Of Allah
Description: As you step into this room you seem to leave the material plane.
The walls here are decorated with beautiful, multi-colored tiles.
There is a strange stillness about the air.  You sense the presence
of an all-mighty being.

Name: Outside The Northern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the gate of New Thalos.  The city lies to the south,
and wilderness to the north.

Name: Outside The Eastern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the protective walls of the city.  The massive iron
gate sits to the west and the unknown awaits you eastward.

Name: Outside The West Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the city walls, the iron gate to the east.  The city
lies in that direction and the road to Midgaard lies west.

Name: Outside The Wall
Description: You are in a small clearing outside the east wall of the city.  The
ground seems well trodden but you can see no apparent exit save that
to the north.

Name: The Grand Dining Hall
Description: A long oaken table, coverd with silverware, plates, and a table cloth
with gold trim, dominates the room.  Although no diners occupy the room
as of yet, servants sprint about setting the table and placing condiments.
   The kitchen entrance is to the east, and two huge double doors open
into the hallway north.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand at a T-crossing in the long hallways.  There are two large
double doors to the south.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand at an intersection of the hallways.  Wooden corridors
lead off in all directions except west, the garden of the palace
can be entered there.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have come to a T-crossing on the hallways.  The wooden corridors
continue east, west and south.  There is a large iron door to the north.

Name: The Entrance To The Dungeon
Description: You enter a cold damp room with bare roughly hewn stone walls.
This room seems very out of place compared to the splendor of the
rest of the Palace.
   A large steel grating leads down into darkness, and an iron door
returns you to the hallway.

Name: A Guest Room
Description: This is a simple room used for visiting nobles.  A small dresser stands
on the east wall with a mirror hung right above it.  A queen sized bed made
up in satin sheets stands in the middle of the room against the south
wall under a window.  The only obvious exit is north back out into the 
hallway.

Name: A Hall
Description: The long hall continues here with a wooden door in the south wall.  On
the north wall hangs the picture of some forgotten nobleman who once ruled 
the land.

Name: The Sultan's Garden
Description: You have entered the Sultan's private gardens.  A light sweat breaks
out on your skin from the humidity here.  All around you are thousands of
exotic plants and flowers.  The sweet smell of jasmine and honeysuckle
reminds you of happier days at home.  Off to the north, through the palm
trees, you see a delicate white gazebo.
   A path leads out into the hallway and west towards the gazebo.
To your right stands a gold sign.

Name: A Hall
Description: The long stretch of hallway continues east and west from here.  The
small red carpet covering the centerline is always underfoot and an
occasional bench or potted plant lines the wall.
There is a door here to the north with a plaque mounted over it.

Name: The Art Exhibit
Description: You are standing in the Sultan's tribute to the finer virtues.
Large paintings hang from the walls displaying nature scenes, nudes,
and glorious victories in battle.  Strange scupltures rest on pedestals 
at each corner of the room and mirrors are placed in strategic locations
so the viewer may see an entire sculpture at a glance.
   Your eyes, however, are pulled towards a painting that dominates the
far wall.

Name: A Guest Room
Description: This is another room made up for visiting nobles.  There is a dresser
up against the eastern wall with a mirror above it and a queen sized bed,
made up in satin sheets, against the south wall.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have reached the western end of the southern hallway.  The only
exit is east except for the doors in the southern and western walls.

Name: The Garden Gazebo
Description: Walking through the gardens you come across a small white wooden
structure.  The sounds of birds, the smell of flowers, ahhh, paradise.
You believe that you have never been in a more peaceful setting.

Name: A Hall
Description: This is the western end of the northern hallway.  Two doors are set
in the walls here, one to the north, another to the west.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: You stand in a barren chamber lined with nothing but cots and
footlockers.  The guards come here when off duty to sleep, for
they may only leave the Palace grounds with special permission.
   The only exit is to the south.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: This is living quarters for the guards of the palace.  Barren compared
to the rest of the Palace, you see only cots and footlockers here.  On the
walls you see pictures of well known knights who have give a proud name to
the Sultan's Guard.

Name: The Harem
Description: This is the room where the Sultan keeps the beautiful women of his
Palace.  There are ten girls here lying about the room dressed in silks
you can almost see through.  In the western end of the room stands a
large mound of pillows and a beautiful young maiden sits perched atop.
It is unfortunate for you that only the Sultan is allowed in here.

Name: A Small room
Description: This is secret chamber allowing the Sultan direct access to his harem
at any time he chooses.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: You stand in the throne room of the mighty Sultan of New Thalos.  Guards
stand at attention near his side ready to make the ultimate sacrifice for
their beloved leader.  The gold inlaid throne studded with jewels stands
upon a mable dias.  The Sultan is not a man to be trifled with.

Name: The Treasure Room
Description: You have somhow managed to gain access to the treaure vault of the
Sultan.  The alarm sounding in the background tells you that you must
have tripped off some kind of alarm system.  It might be adviseable to
grab as much stuff as you possibly can and run for the door.

Name: The Jailer's Room
Description: Climbing down the old wooden ladder you enter a small cave like
room.  There is a small bench with some old magazines and a low
burning candle sitting off to one side.  A door is set into the
stone on the north wall, and the steel grating opens up above.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east and west.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east and west.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues west and you notice a small crack in the
stone to the east.

Name: The Secret Cell
Description: This room seems more like a lair than a cell.  Small bits of hay lie
strewn about the floor covering bones of unkown origin.  Spatterd blood
and tufts of grey hair lie matted in one corner.  As you turn to leave
you notice a pair of small red eyes peering at you from the darkness.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand in a large cedar wood hall leading east and west.  On the
floor lies a thin and narrow purple rug.  The hall leads west inside the
Palace and east to the Grand Entrance.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: The narrow path turns here heading south and west.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: Travel is hard and slow as you almost have to climb around large
boulders strewn about the path.

Name: The Edge Of The Ravine
Description: The ground drops off below down to a rushing river.  A small rope
bridge sways to and fro in the wind giving you access to the other
side.

Name: On A Rope Bridge
Description: The small rope bridge shudders under your weight as you make your
way across the valley.

Name: The Ledge Around The Valley
Description: You are walking around a small ledge overlooking a large valley
deep within the eastern mountains.  The ledge turns north following
the shape of the valley and a steep trail continues to the east.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: You are walking through a rock strewn path deep within the mountains
east of Midgaard.  The going is rough and you constantly twist your
ankle on the small stones lying about.

Name: On The Eastern Edge Of The Mountains
Description: You stand on the eastern edge of the eastern mountains.  The high
peaks lie to the west and rolling hills and plains open up to your
east.

Name: In The Foothills
Description: The path curves down the face of the mountain allowing you to
move up or down the face of this missive hunk of stone.

Name: In The Foothills
Description: The path curves down the face of the mountain allowing you to
move up or down as you please.

Name: A Rocky Trail
Description: The faint sound of a flowing river reaches your ears from the south and 
through the trees you can see water.  The path you are on continues north
and east from here.

Name: On A Road
Description: This long road continues to the east and south.

Name: On A Road
Description: The well kept road continues east and west from here.

Name: On A Road
Description: You stand on a well maintained road leading east towards New Thalos
and west towards the Eastern Mountains.  To the north you can see wide
plains stretching out as far as the eye can see.  South of you begins
a dark green forest.

Name: The Headwaters Of The River Of Lost Souls
Description: You are at the headwaters of what is oft called the darkest river
in the land.  Looking at the swampy water pooling in this rocky valley,
you can see why the water downstream is so dark.  The rock walls reach
up around you blocking all exits except that to the north up onto the
banks, and to the south where the river flows.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river calms a bit after being thrashed in the interior of
the mountain.  Although still deep within the rocks you can see
faint traces of green to the east.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows east and west through the hills.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river begins its decent out of the mountains now and continues
its flow to the east.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows under the wall of the city to the east and stretches
off towards high snow capped mountains far far to the west.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows out from the city down a long winding gully towards
the Sea of Dragons.  To the south of you lies the Great Eastern Desert
and north a wide open expanse of grass.  You can just barely make out
a road that seems to be traveling along side the river but the
banks are to steep for you to see very far.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues its descent down the lowlands flowing ever so
gently south.  It is hard to believe this is the same river that came
cascading down the mountainside.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: Small animals and herd animals can be heard in the distance, though 
you don't actually see any near the river.  Perhaps the steep slopes
pervent them from using the river.

Name: The Edge Of The Ravine
Description: You stand at the edge of a really long drop down.  A small rope
bridge has conviently been placed here to allow you access to the
other side of the bridge.  Unfortunately the wind seems to be kicking
up making the bridge sway slightly.  The path leads off through the
mountains to the east.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: The narrow path makes its way through the mountains east
and west.  You hear the squawking of a large bird over head
most likely a buzzard waiting for you to drop.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: A large boulder suddenly decides it wants to occupy the same space
you are currently standing in.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road bends here toward the riverbank giving access to
the River Ishtar.  The road continues north and west from the
river bank.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river flows south through a valley in the mountains.  You can see
a small village to the west.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river flows south in the southern end of this wide valley.  The
walls of the valley close in to the south.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river begins to speed up as it cascades down this mountain
crevice.  High above you a small rope bridge sways in the wind.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river rapidly flows down this crack in the side of the mountain
to the south.  Hopefully you will hear any aproaching rapids.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river seems to calm a bit as the crevase widens lessens
its stranglehold on the waters.  The river continues to the north 
through a crack and flows to the south.

Name: A Split In The River
Description: The waters of the river crash down upon a rock and split into
two bodies of water.  The river you are on continues its southern
course and the new river heads off to the east.  To your west you
notice that the rocks have split and crumbled as if torn asunder
by some massive force.  It looks impossible to traverse.  The River
of Lost Souls also continues to the north.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river makes a sharp bend here and heads south into a large
mountain and north through a valley.  On a ledge above you, and to
the west, you can see movement.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river widens here, no longer bounded by rock, and flows east
towards a plain.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues here east to east.  There is a landing area to
the north where you can gain access to the shore.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river meanders through the foothills of the eastern mountains.
The air is dryer on this side of the continental divide and it seems
a bit warmer.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues its journey eastward flowing through the
plains.  To the west you see the peaks of large snow capped
mountains and to the east you see the outline of a large city.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows east and west from here.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river slows as it widens and meanders through the lowlands.  A
small dock give access to the north shore.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: The Headwaters Of The Dark River
Description: A large natural spring issues forth from the heart of the mountain
and flows west down the mountain.  It looks like there was a terrible
earthquake here not too long ago, and a path that leads eastwards
through the mountains is covered with rocks, making passage difficult.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows down the mountain through a large crevasse to the west
and up into the mountains east.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The walls of this canyon tower overhead as the river continues east
and west from here.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The walls of rock around you slowly shrink to ground level as the river 
flows out of the mountains and onto the plains.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river continues east and west from here out of the foothills
to the east down into the mountains south of here.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river, following a low spot in the foothills, bends and twists.
Tall mountains can be seen off to the south and east.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river makes a wide sweeping turn here into the mountain.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows west from here into the heart of the mountain and
east towards the foothills once more.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: You can barely make out what is ahead of you as the river flows
quietly through the passageway.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river slowly flows west towards the heart of the mountain.  There
are small cracks in the passage wall to the north where you might be able
to get up out of the water.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river continues east and west from here flowing south of a dark
ledge high above the water level.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows south through a narrowing part of the passage as it
progresses deeper into the mountain.

Name: On A Small Ledge
Description: You clamber out of the water up onto this narrow ledge to see if
it leads deeper into the mountain.  Unfortunately, the ledge is only
wide enough to rest upon for a while and there does not appear to be
any other exits other than rejoining the underground river.

Name: On The Plains
Description: You stand on an open expanse of grass extending in all directions.
To the south of you stand the might northern gates of New Thalos.  East
and west of you the grassy fields continue and north, in the distance,
you see a line of trees.

Name: On The Plains
Description: You stand on an open field of grass.  The forest to the north is
closer but still a good distance away.  To the south a small dirt
path has been trodden into the ground heading towards New Thalos.

Name: The Edge Of The Forest
Description: You stand at the edge of a huge forest.  The line of trees
continues as far as the eye can see to the east and west.  A
large expanse of grass spreads out to the south.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river broadens even more here and the waters become murky.
The smell of saltwater has reached you from the east.  The Dragon
Sea cannot be far away.  To the east you can see the faint outline
of a city and to the north you see a large expanse of grass.

Name: The River Delta
Description: This is where the river empties out into the Dragon Sea.  The backrush
of water has kicked up a lot of sand and the blue sea is stained where
the river empties.  Looking west all you can see is water... all the way
to the horizon.  North of here is a small dock you think you should be
able to reach with out too much trouble.  The river stretches off to the
west back towards New Thalos.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the north.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: The Dragon Sea comes up along the shore here.  The deep blue waters
rolling in and crashing against the beach.  To the north you see a 
small dock jutting out into the surf.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The people of New Thalos take great pride in the services their
city may provide.  One of these services is the construction crews
the go to great lengths to keep all the roads in order.  Although
the taxes in New Thalos are higher then other cities in the realm
most of the money is used for the good of the people.

Name: On A Road
Description: You walk along a well used road with beautiful scenery.  To the north
tall pine trees form a wall that goes on for miles.  Between the road
and the trees lies a great expanse of grassy plains.  South of here, 
beyond the river, lies the Great Eastern Desert.  The road continues
east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The Dragon Sea can be seen to the east now spreading out to unknown
lands.  The road continues east and west.  To the south you hear the
sounds of boats traveling the River Ishtar delivering goods.

Name: On A Road
Description: This is the man land route through the land.  Merchants can bring
their goods to the coastline and have them ferried onto ships for
export.  Travel by foot west will take you through New Thalos up and
over the Eastern Mountains and down into Midgaard.

Name: Near The Shore
Description: The road ends here turning into a small dirt path leading down the
beach and onto a dock.  To the north and south you see the coastline
stretching out before you.  West of here the lowlands roll up into
huge snow capped mountains.

Name: On A Dock
Description: You stand on a simple wooden dock that acts as an extension of the
road to the west.  The dock seems to have been here for quite a long
time but is still sturdy.  A small ladder has been built on the eastern
end to allow easy access to and from ships.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends in
all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance you think
you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: The ocean spreads out in all directions rolling gently.  In the
distance you can see an island on the horizon.  To the west you see
the mainland.

Name: Under The dock
Description: You are swiming underneath the dock.  You can see the four wooden
pylons that support the structure.  The murky water clouds you vision
as you gaze westward, but you think you can make out an iron grating
in that direction.

Name: The Lair Of The Ixitxachitl
Description: Blood swirls around in the water as the Ixitxachitl devours the 
last of its meal.  Swirling around quickly as you intrude upon his
meal the large sting ray attacks!

Name: The Edge Of The Forest
Description: You are standing at the end of a dusty road, near the eastern edge of the
large forest of Haon-Dor.  To the east you see the road heading back to the
walled city, Midgaard, and to the west is a narrow trail leading through the
forest.

Name: A Trail Through The Light Forest
Description: You are on a trail leading through the forest.  There seems to be a small
path leading north into the shadows.  To the east is the forest edge and to
the west the trail leads further into the forest.

Name: A Trail Through The Light Forest
Description: You are on a narrow trail winding east and west through the forest.  To the
west, the forest gradually becomes more dense.  A small forest path leads off
to the south.

Name: A Trail Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a trail winding east and west through the dense forest.  To
the east, the forest gradually seems to become lighter.

Name: A Trail Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a trail winding east and west through the dense forest.  To the
west, the trees are so huge and their crowns so dense that forest remains in
total darkness.  A small path leads south through the trees.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues north and south.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues north and east.

Name: An Intersection In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The forest
gradually lightens to the east.  Paths lead east, west and south.

Name: The Forest Clearing
Description: You are in a clearing in the forest.  Lots of fresh stumps of varying sizes
protrude from the ground and heavy logs are stacked neatly in a big pile
supported by stakes set into the ground.  Paths lead north, east and west.

Name: Outside A Small Cabin In The Forest
Description: You are outside a small cabin built entirely from heavy logs.  There is a
wooden door to the north and small paths lead west and south through the trees.

Name: Inside The Cabin
Description: You are inside a small one-room cabin made entirely from heavy logs.
It is very sparsely furnished, containing only the most basic housekeeping
equipment, such as a bed, a chair and a table.

Name: A Small Path Through The Light Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the forest.  The trees are tall and
slender.  Paths lead north and south.

Name: An Intersection In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of the
old trees leave the forest floor in an unreal twilight illumination.  Paths
lead north, east and south.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues east and west.

Name: An Intersection In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The forest
gradually lightens to the north.  Paths lead north, east and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues south and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues north, south and east.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are at a turn on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The
forest seems to become lighter to the west.  The path continues north and west.

Name: An Intersection In The Light Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the forest.  A path leads north to
a small field and other paths lead east and west into the dense forest.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The forest seems
to become lighter to the east.  The path continues north and east.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues south and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  To the west
you see a dark cave entrance, leading into a small hillside.  The path
continues north and east.

Name: Inside The Cave
Description: You are in a natural cave.  Various sorts of debris cover the stone floor,
emitting a rather unpleasant smell that makes the air thick and hard to
breathe.  The only obvious exit is east.

Name: A Grassy Field
Description: You are in a grass covered field somewhere in the forest.  The tall grass
nearly reaches your waist, and the surrounding oaks and beeches form an almost
wall-like thicket on the east side of the field.  To the northeast you can see
a small lake.  A small path leads south through the trees, and the field opens
up to the north and west.

Name: The Lower Part Of The Grassy Field
Description: You are in a lower part of the grassy field, south of a small lake.  The
grass here has been trampled by the many animals coming here for water, leaving
the ground covered in tracks of different types.  To the west you see a break
in the wall of trees surrounding the field, and to the north is a small lake.

Name: Beside The Lake In A Grassy Field
Description: The grass stops shortly before the lake, replaced by mud covered in tracks
from the local animals.  When you come close many animals scatter into the tall
grass and some even into the forest.  To the west you see birds circling in the
high in the air, and to the north you see a small lake, surrounded by tall
reeds.  The field continues to the south, and the forest blocks passage to the
east.

Name: The Northern Section Of A Grassy Field
Description: As you come close, scavenging animals and birds of all sorts scatter,
leaving only the boldest and stupidest encircling the corpse of a large boar.
Carrion birds circle overhead, and smaller animals stare out of the tall grass
at you.  The grass here has been trampled, and a large area around the corpse
is stained by blood.  A trail leads down the sloping field to a lake, and to
the south you see the path back to the forest.

Name: On The Lake
Description: You are in the middle of a small lake, fed from a small stream coming
through the forest from the northwest.  The water is not that clear, but
you can see fish swimming around below you.  The bank is clear to the
south, providing a safe place to get back to the field.

Name: A Small Path In The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small path leading through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues to the west and south.

Name: Near A Large Tree In The Dense Forest
Description: You are at the end of a small path leading through the dense forest.  The
crowns of the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.
This rough clearing is dominated by a very large oak tree, probably the
largest in this part of the forest.  The path leads back to the north.

Name: In The Lower Branches Of A Large Oak
Description: You are in a huge oak, about one third of the way to the top.  The branches
above you block out much of the light, but enough filters through for you to
see.  Small animals and birds scatter at your approach, rustling the leaves
all about you.  You could easily climb back down to the ground, or continue up
the tree.  One large branch juts outward to the west, possibly providing a
third choice of exit.

Name: Out On A Limb In A Large Oak
Description: This sturdy branch hangs far out over a path to the west, which you might
be able to jump down to.  Several squirrels scamper into hiding as you
approach, leaving you alone and swaying slightly with the wind.  To your north
you can see a small log cabin through the trees, and to the southeast there
seems to be some sort of clearing, with many birds circling above it.

Name: Midway To The Top Of The Large Oak
Description: You are in a huge oak, about midway to the top.  The branches above you
block out much of the light, but enough filters through for you to see.  A few
birds have remained to watch you from the fringe branches, well out of your
reach.  Scratches mar the tree here, and torn bark is scattered near you on the
branch.  It would seem some large forest cat lives nearby, so you had better be
careful!  You can continue a bit farther up the tree, or descend to limbs that
don't sway so much.

Name: High In The Large Oak
Description: The tree top gently sways in the wind, and you think you are as high as
you can safely go in the tree.  The limbs here show evidence of a small battle,
with ripped bark and loose feathers scattered everywhere.  Looking around, you
can see the forest stretching out below you in all directions.  To the east you
see Midgaard, and to the south the river runs through a deep chasm.  North and
west of here you can see another small village, and on the western horizon you
see a large mountain.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading through the trees.  The forest
gradually lightens to the east.  The path continues to the north, and to the
south you see the main trail.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are at a turn on a small shadowed path leading through the forest.  The
forest seems to become lighter to the west.  The path continues north and west.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading through the dense forest.  The
crowns of the old trees leave the forest floor in an unreal twililght
illumination.  To the north you see a small clearing.  Paths lead east and
west.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path through the dense forest.  The crowns of
the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path
continues north and east.

Name: A Shadowy Path Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small shadowy path leading through the dense forest.  The
crowns of the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.
The path continues north and south.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are at a turn on a small shaded path winding through the trees.  The
forest gradually becomes more dense to the west.  The path continues west and
south from here.

Name: A Fork On The Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are at a fork in the small shaded path winding through the trees.  The
forest gradually becomes more dense to the west.  The path branches to the
north and south here, and also continues to the east.

Name: At The Fallen Tree
Description: You are standing in a small clearing, beside a large fallen tree.  A large
amount of the tree has already decomposed, but some pieces remain, scattered
about the clearing.  Paths border the clearing to the north and south.

Name: An Intersection On The Shaded Path
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading through the dense forest.  The
crowns of the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.
The path continues north, south, and west.

Name: A Shadowy Path Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small shadowy path leading through the dense forest.  The
crowns of the old trees leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.
The path continues south and east.

Name: Off Of The Path In The Shaded Forest
Description: You are wandering amongst the trees in the light forest, without the aid
of a path or trail.  More sunlight trickles through the treetops here, making
your travel a bit easier.  Small animals scurry away as you approach.  You
are no longer on a path, so you may go whichever way you please.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading in between the trees.  The forest
gradually lightens to the east.  Paths lead west and south, and you think you
see a small path leading eastward.

Name: A Shaded Path Though The Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading between the trees.  The forest
gradually becomes more dense to the west.  Paths lead north and east, and you
see a small clearing to the south.

Name: A Shadowy Path Through The Dense Forest
Description: You are on a small shadowy path leading through the dense forest.  To the
north the terrain becomes quite hilly and rough.  The crowns of the old trees
leave the forest in an unreal twilight illumination.  The path continues north
and south.

Name: A Small Trail Through The Forest
Description: You have just left the shaded path, and you are now standing at the head of
a very short trail.  It looks like someone begin clearing away the underbrush
here, but didn't get finished.  You may leave in any direction, but the path
is to the west.

Name: A Shaded Path Through The Forest
Description: You are on a small shaded path leading between the trees.  The forest
gradually becomes more dense to the west, and to the northwest the terrain
is quite hilly.  The path continues north and south.  To the east you see a
trail winding through the younger section of the forest.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees between several hills.  You
lost track of the path long ago, and now must rely on your instincts to guide
you.  The ground is very rough and rocky here, and only the most hardy plants
survive.  The crowns of the old trees leave the hills in an unreal twilight
illumination.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees between several hills.  You
lost track of the path long ago, and now must rely on your instincts to guide
you.  The ground is very rough and rocky here, and only the most hardy plants
survive.  The crowns of the old trees leave the hills in an unreal twilight
illumination.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are at the end of a small shaded path leading between the trees.  The
forest is quite thick here, and the ground is very rough and hilly, halting
your progress.  The path lies to the south.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees between several hills.  You
lost track of the path long ago, and now must rely on your instincts to guide
you.  The ground is very rough and rocky here, and only the most hardy plants
survive.  The crowns of the old trees leave the hills in an unreal twilight
illumination.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees between several hills.  You
lost track of the path long ago, and now must rely on your instincts to guide
you.  The ground is very rough and rocky here, and only the most hardy plants
survive.  The crowns of the old trees leave the hills in an unreal twilight
illumination.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees between several hills.  You
lost track of the path long ago, and now must rely on your instincts to guide
you.  The ground is very rough and rocky here, and only the most hardy plants
survive.  The crowns of the old trees leave the hills in an unreal twilight
illumination.

Name: In The Dense Forest Between The Hills
Description: You are standing among tightly packed trees on a medium sized hill. The
dense forest spreads out all around you, and the crowns of the old trees leave
the hills in an unreal twilight illumination.

Name: A Road Through The Plains
Description: You are on a dust covered east-west road through the western plains.  An
occasional hunter or adventurer can be seen, heading to or from the forest.
To the east is the walled city, Midgaard, and to the west the road ends at
the head of a narrow trail into a large forest.

Name: A Road Through The Plains
Description: You are on a dust covered east-west road through the western plains.  An
occasional hunter or adventurer can be seen, heading to or from the forest.
To the east is the walled city, Midgaard, and to the west the road continues 
towards a large forest.

Name: A Road Through The Plains
Description: You are on a dust covered east-west road crossing the grassy plains between
Midgaard the forest of Haon-Dor.  An occasional hunter or adventurer can be 
seen, heading to or from the forest.  To the east is the walled city, Midgaard, 
and to the west the road continues towards a large forest.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow trail winding its way between the enormous, grey
trunks.  The crowns of the trees must be very dense, as they leave the
forest floor in utter darkness.  The trail leads east and west.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way east-west between huge,
ancient trees whose grey trunks remind you of ancient pillars in a
enormous, deserted hall.  To the south, a frail path leads away from
the trail.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way east-west between huge,
ancient trees that stand close on all sides.  Not a sound is to be
heard - everything is ominously quiet.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are where the dusty trail bends, as to avoid conflict with a
colossal trunk to the west.  Not a sound is to be heard - everything
is ominously quiet.  The trail leads east and south and there is a
small path leading off the trail to the north.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  You
feel as if the ancient trees observe you in watchful silence.  The path
continues north and south.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom all around you.  The path continues north and west.

Name: A Junction In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are by a junction where three paths meet.  Ancient grey trees tower
above you on all sides.  Paths lead east, south and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom all around you.  The path continues north and east.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way between huge, ancient trees
standing close on all sides.  The trail leads north and west and to the
south, a frail path leads away from the trail.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way east-west between huge, ancient
trees that stand close on all sides.  Not a sound is to be heard - everything
is ominously quiet.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way between huge, ancient trees that
stand close on all sides.  The trail leads east and south.  To the west, a
narrow path leads away from the trail.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way north-south between huge, ancient
trees that loom ominously above you.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way between huge, ancient trees
standing close on all sides.  The trail leads north and west and to the
east, a frail path leads away from the trail.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom in all directions.  The path continues south and west.

Name: A Junction In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are by a junction where three paths meet.  Ancient grey trees tower
above you on all sides.  Paths lead north, east and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  You feel
as if the ancient trees observe you in watchful silence.  The path continues
north and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Giant,
grey trees loom ominously on all sides.  The path continues east and south.

Name: A Junction In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are by a junction where three paths meet.  Ancient, grey trees seem
to observe you silently you from all sides.  Paths lead north, east and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient,
grey trees loom everywhere.  The path continues south and west.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Huge,
ancient trees are on all sides.  The path continues north and south.

Name: On The River Bank In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  To the
south a fast river is flowing westward through the forest.  Ancient grey
trees loom on both banks.  The path continues north and west.

Name: A Dead End Path On The River Bank In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  The
ancient trees stand so close that the path disappears between the dusty
roots.  To the south a dark river flows from east to west.  The only exit
appears to be east.

Name: A Small Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  Giant,
grey trees loom ominously all around.  The path continues east and south.

Name: A Junction On The River Bank In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are by a junction where three paths meet.  Ancient, grey trees seem
to observe you silently you from all around.  To the south a dark river
flows from east to west through the forest.  Paths lead north, east and west.

Name: A Dead End Path In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.  The
ancient trees stand so close that the path disappears between the dusty
roots.  To the south a dark river flows from east to west.  The only exit
appears to be west.

Name: A Small Path On The River Bank In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a narrow path leading through the deep, dark forest.
Ancient grey trees loom everywhere.  To the south a dark river flows
westward through the forest.  The path continues north and east.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way between huge, ancient trees
standing close on all sides.  The trail leads north and west, and to the
south a frail path leads away from the trail.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way between huge, ancient trees
standing close on all sides.  The trail leads east and south.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way east-west between huge, ancient
trees that stand close on all sides.  Not a sound is to be heard - everything
is ominously quiet.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way east-west between huge, ancient
trees that stand close on all sides.  Not a sound is to be heard - everything
is ominously quiet.

Name: A Narrow Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail winding its way westward between huge, ancient
trees that stand close on all sides.  The tree trunks seem to be covered in
some sticky substance which gets much stickier towards the west!  Beware!

Name: The Deadly Spider Web
Description: You are walking along the narrow path, ducking under the sticky ropes
as you advance...

>
A huge, poisonous spider drops from above!
A huge, poisonous spider drops from above!
A huge, poisonous spider drops from above!

>
The huge, poisonous spider stings you!  You resist the poison!
The huge, poisonous spider stings you!  You are poisoned!
The huge, poisonous spider stings you!  You are poisoned!

You are dead.

Name: Up In The Tree
Description: You are hanging on the outside of a huge tree trunk covered in a sticky
substance.  Directly to the west is an immense spider web suspended between
numerous of the giant trees including the one you are hanging on.  To the
north is what looks like a large webbed entrance.

Name: On The spider web
Description: You are balancing carefully on the giant sticky threads that holds the
giant web in place.  To the east is a giant tree trunk and to the west is
an entrance to a cave-like structure made from many layers of spider web.

Name: The Den Of The Queen Spider
Description: You are inside a cave-like structure that seems to be made entirely
from countless layers of spider web.  Temperature and humidity is very
high making it hard to breathe the foul air that lingers here.  The walls
are covered with open cocoons.

Name: A Dusty Trail In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom all around you.  The trail continues north and east.

Name: A Dusty Trail In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient,
grey trees loom everywhere.  The trail continues south and west.  A broad
irregular path leads eastward away from the trail.

Name: At The End Of The Trail Through The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are on a dusty trail leading through the deep, dark forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom all around you.  A small trail leads northwards and the only
other exit is east, along the main trail.

Name: On The Narrow Trail
Description: The trail continues to the north and south as it leads through
the heavy underbrush of this part of the Haon-Dor Forest.  Ancient
grey trees loom all around you.  The brush seems to be bending
closely over the path in a somewhat ominous manner, but you easily
shrug it off.  The trail looks to open up somewhat a short distance
to the south.

Name: On The Narrow Trail
Description: The trail continues to the north and south as it leads through
the heavy underbrush of this part of the Haon-Dor Forest.  The
trail looks surprisingly well trodden along this part.  The brush
seems to be bending closely over the path in a somewhat ominous
manner, but you easily shrug it off.

Name: Outside A Cave In The Deep, Dark Forest
Description: You are at the end of a broad, irregular path.  To the north is a very
large ominous-looking cave opening.  The trees here have many marks as if
something with huge claws has been tearing at them in rage.

Name: The Cave Of The Green Dragon
Description: You are in a big natural cave.  The floor is littered with bones of
all sorts and the stench is so massive that you could cut it with a
knife.  The only exit is to the south.

Name: The Narrow Trail
Description: This trail looks much spookier than any other that's you have seen.  The
usual animal claw marks and bites on the trees are becoming few and far
between.  The trail continues north.

Name: The Narrow Trail
Description: This area of the trail is also very peculiar.  You can see no signs of
animal life what so ever.  The structure of the surrounding trees forces
the path to make a sharp turn to the east.

Name: The Circle Of Trees
Description: The trees here seem to form a circle around the enormous tree in
the center.  You notice a wooden door carved into the huge tree to
the east.  The trail that you followed to get here seems to end at
the base of the tree.

Name: Inside The Great Tree
Description: You have stepped inside of this hollowed tree.  From here steps lead down
into darkness or you can exit the tree by going west.

Name: The Underground Hallway
Description: This hallway is apparently one of the roots of the tree hollowed out.
The hall leads south to a room where you hear strange noises or you can
go up the steps.

Name: The Cultist Temple
Description: This temple, built to a god you don't worship, is a nice place to
visit but you feel very uncomfortable about spending any amount of
time here.  The wooden altar seems to almost glow as you enter the
room.  The only exit is the way you came in.

Name: In The Forest
Description: The trail ends here where the mountains begin abruptly.
Looking up, you note that the climb would be rough,
hazardous, and probably not worth the effort; the energy
barrier continues up the mountain side out of sight.  The
only exit is back to the east.

Name: In The Forest
Description: To the west the mountains rise high up, rocky and
lifeless.  The trail you are walking on heads west
to the end of the forest, and back east.  Each way the
strange energy barrier stands just to the north,
inscrutable, magical, and impenetrable.

Name: In The Forest
Description: This trail runs parallel to the energy barrier to your
north, seemingly all the way up to the mountains to the
west that form the boundries of this valley.  Walking
along, you scare a small squirrel, which leaps through
the barrier without a second thought!  Your hand is still
repulsed by the magical field, however.

Name: In The Forest
Description: The northern pathway stops abruptly here, halted by
some sort of glowing energy barrier running through the
woods.  A game trail, seemingly well traveled, runs east-
west along the magical barrier's length.  Very strange.

Name: In The Forest
Description: The energy barrier runs through the woods on its east-
west course here, just north of the trail you are walking
on.  A faint humming seems to eminate from the glowing
field, pushing the normal sounds of the forest into the
background.  For a short moment, you wonder if the field
is keeping something in, or you out.  It makes you
wonder...

Name: In The Forest
Description: The energy field makes a sudden ninety-degree turn
here, running to the north and west out of sight through
the thickening woods.  The trail you are on curves to
skirt the edge of the magical barrier in either direction.
Curious... who or what is keeping this field in place,
and for what purpose?

Name: In The Forest
Description: The woods thicken here, and surpisingly, you see a tree
completely cut in half by the magical barrier running
north-south here.  The tree looks healthy and unaffected
by the energy field passing right through its center.
Odd...

Name: In The Forest
Description: The magical energy barrier runs straight north-south,
unaffected by dips in the grounds, intervening rocks and
trees, everything.  From the north, you hear a faint
rushing noise above the humming of the field.  The trail
you are on continues to the north and south, only a few
feet away from the barrier it follows.

Name: In The Forest
Description: Here the field changes color, becoming almost
transparent.  Beyond, you think you can make out a few
shapes, but nothing too terribly distinct.  From the north
comes the rushing sound of water, and through the trees
you believe you can see a river cutting through the
forest.  The trail you are on leads north-south through
the woods, following the energy barrier all along its
length.

Name: The River's Edge
Description: A river flows through the forest here, its water clean
and clear.  The energy barrier runs right out into the
middle of the river, and then makes another ninety-degree
turn to the west.  The water seems to have no problem
penetrating the magical field, however.
   The river seems too wide and too swift to cross here.
It appears the only way to go is back to the south.

Name: Just Passing Through...
Description: The energy barrier seems to push against you
ineffectively as you shove your way through it.  All your
hairs stick up on your body from the static electricity,
and electric shocks sting your body from every metallic
piece of equipment you are carrying.  You think with a
final shove, you can break through to the other side...

Name: By The Barrier
Description: To the west the magical energy barrier crackles and
hums to itself, almost looking harmless.  Almost -- all
around on the ground are charred corpses and bodies.
Several poles with skulls on top face to the west, warning
travellers on the forest paths away from here.  The air
smells of death and decay, and the air is very still.  You
feel uncomfortable.

Name: A Clearing In The Forest
Description: Several trails in the forest intersect here in a small
clearing.  The dirt seems matted down, and you see many
footprints in the soil.   Nearby you hear a bird's chirp
abruptly cut off in a loud squawk, and then silence.  The
paths seem well-traveled, the undergrowth matted down and
the foilage hacked away to leave plenty of room or a
traveller to pass in every cardinal direction, excepting
the west path seems fairly overgrown...
   You feel watched.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The northern trail winds through the trees, heading
from a forest clearings to the south to where there appears
to be a river's edge to the north.  This trail appears to
be well-used and you spot many tracks in the earth.  Again
the hairs on the back of your neck stand up, and you wonder
if you're being spied upon.

Name: The River's Edge
Description: A beautiful river flows swiftly by, the current looking
quite dangerous in fact.  Out in the center of the river
you spot the energy barrier enclosure... no way out here.
Looking up, you see a bird fly right through the barrier
overhead and wonder as to the force field's nature.  This
path leads south into the forest, and westwards along the
river's edge.

Name: The River's Edge
Description: The river flows on its course, unhampered by the energy
barrier passing right down its center for as far as you
can see in both directions.  The path you are on travels
along the length of the river to the east and west
inbetween the water and the forest's edge.  Once again you
shiver and feel that unmistakeable sense that you are
being watched.  Disturbing.

Name: The River's Edge
Description: A large out-cropping of rock blocks this path along the
river to the west, and you don't spot any way around it; 
the woods are too thick to the south, the river too swift 
to the north, the magical barrier above you.  This is a 
nice area, however, as evidenced by the amount of traffic
this path gets.  From the marks in the grass, you guess 
that this is a favored resting spot.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: This well-used forest trail leads south.  Among the 
foot-tracks in the dirt, you spot a few animal tracks as 
well, leading you to believe that these trails are used by
hunters.  Why would they be enclosed in this manner, 
however?
   There is a clearing to the north, and the path
continues to the south.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: This trail leads north-south... obviously a gaming
trail.  The woods, mostly deciduous trees with the
accompanying ground foilage, crowd in to either side.
A shrub to your left shows a fresh cutting wound...
looks like a sharp object like a knife or machete did
the damage.
   A crackle in the leaves spins you around, to see
nothing.  Something is watching you, you feel it.
Where?

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail changes direction here, turning to the north 
and west.  A large tree to your south bears an interesting
artifact; a rusty arrowhead embedded in the wood.  It 
looks as if the arrow had been  broken off at the head, 
the wood scratched at, and the arrowhead left behind.  
Otherwise, there doesn't seem to be much of interest in 
this particular section of the woods.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: This is a winding east-west path through the thickening
forest.  The grass along the path is matted down from 
frequent traffic.  The path continues to the east, and 
there seems to be a small clearing to the west.
   A faint noise makes you stand stock still.  You could 
have sworn you heard a voice nearby.  Whatever it was, it 
wasn't speaking common.

Name: A Small Clearing
Description: In the middle of this small clearing in the forest is a
fairly large rock sticking up out of the ground.  Paths 
lead away to the east, west, and south from here.  The 
trees above block out the sky fairly effectively, also
blotting out the glowing energy barrier above your head.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: A smaller northern path leads away from the main east-
west trail here towards a clearing.  The main path leads 
windingly around the trees to the east and west, the woods
blocking out whatever may be ahead.  Again you get that 
strange feeling of being watched.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail leads east and west here through the forest.  
To the west you spot an area where a smaller path breaks 
off from the main track.  Eastwards seems to be another 
small clearing that seems to be well used; there are many
tracks leading in that direction.

Name: The Dead End
Description: The ground has been cleared of vegetation in this small
clearing, and several large, man-made salt licks lie on
the ground and stand on poles here.  There are many animal
tracks in the earth -- the salt licks must attract 
wildlife for miles around.  You think this would be a good
place to hide and wait for dinner if you were a hunter...

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: This trail leads east-west through the forest foilage,
around the trees and up and down the slight rises.  The
area is quiet and serene, except for the energy barrier
keeping you in to the south.  For just a moment, you wonder
if you're still being watched...

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail bends here, leading away to the north and 
east.  Far off the the distance you hear the squawk of a 
large bird-of-prey searching the skies for a meal.  The 
ferns around you rustle gently in the light breeze.  
Somehow, the threatening aura that pervades over the rest
of the area seems absent here.  You feel almost relaxed...

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: A bend in the forest trail allows you to go east and
north here.  To the east you spot a small clearing, while
northwards this trail seems to join a much larger one 
leading through the woods.  On the ground is half of a 
broken knife handle, made of bone and dried leather,
useless now.  You wonder if the owner is watching you 
now -- something certainly is.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: This path leads from the main clearing to the west to 
intersect with a north-south path just to the east.  A 
small sapling on the north side of the trail has a rope 
tied around one of its top branches; an unused snare 
evidently.  You still feel as if you're being watched in 
the back of your mind, and adrenaline pumps into your
brain like a lightning fuzz.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: A north-south trail leads through the woods here, with 
a small side trail leading off to the east.  The trees 
provide adequate cover from the sky, but through a few 
holes in the foilage you spot the magical barrier above 
you, keeping you from escaping by flight.  You feel 
slightly captured.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: Two trails come together here, a large northern path 
heading away from tracks leading to the east and west.  
The western path seems to be the most traveled, and the 
east hardly at all.  There seems to be less trees around 
here... it seems as if many have been cut down by some
sort of crude tools.  This land clearing appears to be 
especially true to the east.

Name: A Clearing
Description: The trees have been cut down around here, and many of 
the trunks hollowed out with sharp stones and lined with 
treated leather to make almost-waterproof tubs.  A foul 
smelling brown fluid, tannin evidently, fills many of 
these, soaking into various bits and pieces of animal 
hides.  Crude, but workable.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail is widening to the west, where the path leads
all the way up to the side of the mountains that enclose 
this valley.  Many of the trees have been cut down around
here, and it definitely looks as if the forest is ending.
Eastwards the trail leads on into the thick of the forest.
A small split off trail leads away to the south here.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The ground is growing more rocky here.  The trees and 
other foilage in the forest grow sparse here, finding it 
hard to find purchase in the soil.   The forest ends just 
to the west, with the trail you are on leading right on up
to the side of the mountains.  A side trail leads south 
here, and the trail also leads back into the thick of the 
forest to the east.

Name: A Rocky Trail
Description: The ground is getting very rocky here, causing the 
trees of the woods to become more sparse.  Several bushes 
have found purchase in the soil, but not near enough to 
block free movement in this area.  The trail leads on up 
to what appears to be a cave in the side of the mountain 
to the west, and a side trail runs along the forest's edge
to the north.  To the east, the trail runs deep into the 
forest out of sight.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail you are on bends around a large double-
trunked tree and leads away to the north and west.  The 
green canopy of leaves overhead make this area fairly dark
and ominous, and that creepy 'watched' feeling returns to
hit you with full force.

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail continues here to the east and west, with a 
small trail splitting off towards a large clearing to the
south.  Two wooden poles with skulls on top warn you away
from the south, and succeed in making you feel quite
uncomfortable.  Strange...

Name: A Large Clearing
Description: The earth has been upturned many times here, and
several white rocks stick up from the ground in odd
positions.
   Graveyard.
   This must be where they bury their dead -- just dig a
hole and throw the corpse inside, ignoring any previous
occupants in the ground.  How uncivilized... you hope you
aren't taken care of in this matter when your time
comes...

Name: A Forest Trail
Description: The trail splits here, one fork heading north towards 
the rushing sounds of a river, and west where the forest 
seems to be thinning out a lot.  A sudden motion out of 
the corner of your eye catches your eyes, and you turn 
your head.  Nothing, there's nothing there at all.
   You wonder if you're being stalked.

Name: A River's Edge
Description: The river flows swiftly on its course to the north.
The trail you are on leads on by the water's edge to the
west, and back into the forest to the south.  A large
boulder is just to the west, blocking all travel in that
direction.  Out in the center of the river, the 'roof' of
the energy field meets the northern 'wall'.  The water
passes right on through the magical barrier, however...
the barrier is obviously porous to some materials.

Name: A River's Edge
Description: The river pours down the side of the mountains to the 
west, originating from a large hole in the face of one of 
the sheer rock protuberances.  The energy barrier climbs 
right up the mountain, and seals off any means of escape 
by that means.  The trail you are on runs by the side of 
the river to the east, and a path leads by the forest side
to the south.

Name: A Rocky Trail
Description: The forest is just to your west, with a side trail 
leading deep inside from here.  The main trail you are on,
however, heads north towards the river, and south near 
where a trail leads up to a cave in the mountain side.  
There doesn't seem to be a whole lot to capture your 
attention here...

Name: A Cave Entrance
Description: You are half blinded by the differences of the outdoors
illumination and the pure darkness of the cave.  A deep,
cloying stench flows out from the cave mouth; the smells
of decay, unwashed bodies, and sickness in one roiling 
odor.  Your stomach turns involuntarily, and you wonder 
about going back down the hill to the east, instead of 
going even further down the western tunnel.

Name: A Tunnel Forking
Description: The tunnel forks here, one branch leading north, the 
other west.  Additionally, you can head back outside to 
the east, which seems like a very good idea to your 
tortured nasal passages.  Your eyes water from the stench,
and you clench your left hand tightly to keep control of 
your bile.
   Forcing your eyes open, you notice the warning signs
painted around the tunnel to the north.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: The floor is slick with the humidity that boils out of
the lower reaches of this cave, bringing that most awful 
smell with it.  Again, you consider saving your nose the 
trip west and down the tunnel, and heading back east to 
the cave entrance.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: The tunnel takes a deep dip here, and opens up into a 
largish cave to the west.  There seems to be a few faint 
lights from inside, and you hear some heavy breathing and 
low grunts from that direction.  The cave entrance to the 
east seems far too far away for your comfort...

Name: A Cave
Description: Heaps of rotting meat and cups of near-drinkable water
sit here; the orc food stores.  You stand here and wonder
in near-disbelief at how the orcs could find this stuff
palatable.  They're orcs; its their nature and their
stomachs you guess.  Oddly enough, you don't even care to 
catalog what they have available -- there's no chance you're 
going to take any of this...

Name: A Cave
Description: A single corpse lies here, well away from a pile of 
similars to the east.  There are several sharpened stakes 
and rocks sitting about conveniently.  The way the corpse 
is lying, the stone next to its hand... this is a suicide 
area!  You look down upon the orc and comprehend its 
suffering in its twisted form.  How sad.

Name: A Cave
Description: There are bodies here... corpses.  Orcs, the lot of 
them, every single one of them horribly disfigured in 
some senseless way; one whose arms were removed, another 
who lacks anything that could sensibly be called a face. 
A few twitch feebly with the last remains of life, the 
rest just decompose.  The dim sense of horror budding in 
your head blossoms as you realize the pile in the corner 
consists of dead orc children awaiting burial.

Name: A Cave
Description: A few sleeping pallets, made of moldy straw and 
stinking furs are arranged around a small firepit here.  
A wooden cup, carved by a crude tool and cruder hands 
sits near the ashes filled with water you consider 
undrinkable.  Somewhere to the east you hear an orc 
child's whining cry, and a voice hushes it urgently.  
Beware, orcs!  Adventurers are here!  Hide your children!

Name: A Cave
Description: Several grass sleeping pallets are here, clustered 
around the remains of an old fire.  The sloping of the 
cave's ceiling allow for smoke ventilation towards the 
surface in here you note, lucky for the orcs.  A few 
strings of burnt meat still hang over the fire, untended 
and uneaten.  On the floor near your feet you spy a small, 
twisted piece of wire... one orc's idea of a treasured ring, 
no doubt.  Kicking the trinket away, you try to push the 
pity out of your heart for these wretches.

Name: A Cave
Description: You are standing just inside a largish cave, about a 
hundred feet in diameter.  A few dim make-shift lanterns 
burning animal fat illuminate the area, just enough so you
can see the rotted food on the floor, and a few bodies 
sprawled throughout the whole area.  Your disgust quickly 
turns to horror as you see a horrible creature, half...
well, half something and half orc dash between two 
stalagmites.

Name: A Cave
Description: This must be the orc chief's area.  There's an old 
prize -- a stolen timeworn human armchair sitting near 
the south wall as a throne.  A mammoth sleeping pallet 
made of piled furs is nearby.  Next to that is the pile 
of orc treasure; a pile of well-polished coppers.  You 
look at the pile of worthless coins and wonder at the 
image of orcish raiders.
   These orcs aren't raiders, they are victims.

Name: A Cave
Description: Many sleeping pallets are arranged near the walls, each
made of heavy fur padding for comfort and warmth.  Many 
are covered with blood and other, unidentifiable 
substances.  Looking around, your only coherent thought 
is, 'Don't want to know... don't want to know...'

Name: A Cave
Description: This area of the cave is one vast orc sickroom.  
Mutated and mangled orcs lie on the floor, seeming quiet, 
lifeless.  They're not even worth your time, you think, 
unless you've the mercy to put them out of their misery.
   You look at the corruption of nature's design and 
wonder what forces are at work here... the barrier, the 
orcs...  What's going on here?

Name: A Tunnel
Description: This forking off from the mail tunnel seems odd; the 
walls are strangely smooth, as if they were carved out by 
forces unknown.  The end is abrupt and short, but there is
a steel door inset in the wall of the west side of the 
tunnel.  The smell from the lower tunnel doesn't seem 
nearly as bad here... this might be a good place to rest
and catch your breath.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: This section of man-made tunnel heads north from here,
doors on either side.  A few glowing spots on the ceiling 
illuminate the area to almost a daylight level.  From the 
north you hear some horrible cries of pain and anguish 
that make you cringe inside and think twice about heading 
in that direction.

Name: A Bedroom
Description: This is a bedroom, catered to someone with a definite 
sense of taste.  There's a chest of drawers made of a 
solid section of oak tree.  In fact, most of the furniture
here has that 'natural look' about it.  The bed is filled 
with soft down with an ornate table lamp close by.  Nice 
place.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: This tunnel opens up into a large room to the north, 
and to the south, leads towards a set of doors.  The light
is crisp and bright, clearly showing the lack of tool 
marks on the hewn walls... magic?  The room just ahead is 
large, and also well-lighted, giving it an almost clinical
atmosphere.  Somewhere in the recesses of that room 
something cries out in a horrible crackling voice.  Not 
good.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: A full fledge operating table is set up here, outfitted
with a full set of restraints.  A ledge nearby has a whole
array of sterile medical equipment on it, covered over by 
a clear lid.  There's a drain in the floor with gradients 
leading to it to carry away the blood.  For some reason, 
you don't imagine this as a voluntary operating theatre...

Name: The Laboratory
Description: Another table is set up will all sorts of alchemical 
apparatus here, vials and beakers, distillation equipment 
and et cetera.  The stuff looks expensive, but bulky and 
fragile; not good treasure to cart away with you at all.

Name: A Cage
Description: This is a small, dirty cage, with only a bucket for 
wastes, another bucket for food, and a dirty towel for a 
bed.  The whole room has a terrible stench about it.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: Some small cages sit here, containing many different 
types of rodents.  Leaning down to look better, you are 
very surprised as a tiny, common garden mouse growls at 
you and tries to rip your face off through the bars.  
There are some bulges on its back, and it doesn't seem to 
be in a very good mood.  It quivers some, not fully in
control of its motor functions.  Poor thing.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: A rack stands near the cages on the eastern wall, 
filled with shackles and manacles, bullwhips and worse.  
They all look well-used.  You give a shiver, and carry on.

Name: A Cage
Description: This is a small, dirty cage, with only a bucket for 
wastes, another bucket for food, and a dirty towel for a 
bed.  The whole room has a terrible stench about it.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: This is the southwest corner of the lab.  There's no 
equipment here, merely several pairs of heavy steel 
shackles on the southern wall.  There's also some a few 
small bloodstains on the floor beneath the shackles.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: This is a fairly roomy laboratory that extends to the 
north, with cages set on the east side of the room.  A 
metal table here is empty, although you can see some 
outlines in the dust that suggest books had laid here 
once.

Name: A Cage
Description: This is a small, dirty cage, with only a bucket for 
wastes, another bucket for food, and a dirty towel for a 
bed.  The whole room has a terrible stench about it.

Name: The Webbed Entrance
Description: Sticky, sticky, sticky!  The ground is cluttered with leaves,
decayed remains of webbed crickets, beetle, rats, dogs, and even
humans.  You begin to wonder about what lies ahead.  The air is
damp here, and even the little light that shines through the
canopy seems to be absorbed into the webbing.

Name: The Webby Passage
Description: You find that footing here is very good, almost too good.  The
limbs are coated with cobwebs and seem unusually strong for tree
branches.  Paths lead in four directions.  The eastward path goes
down a bit.

Name: The Wasp Hive
Description: Drones scuttle about in this room.  The cells on the walls are
honeycomb in shape and many of the maggots and wasps you see have
fang-marks on their bodies.  You sense some order in their markings.

Name: The Webby Passage
Description: Another webby passage, all sticky and wet.  Tiny ballooning
spiders fill the air.  It seems that these young ones are newborns.

Name: Beneath The Busy Path
Description: You here the sounds of crawling arachnids above.  The rhythms of
the footsteps suggest a primitive order in there movement.  The light
seems brighter upwards.

Name: On The Busy Path
Description: Spiders, spiders, everywhere!  It is almost ant-like in efficiency
with one big difference.  The spiders here are carrying ant-corpses,
as well as rats, wolves, and humans.

Name: On The Busy Path
Description: Spiders, spiders, everywhere!  It is almost ant-like in efficiency
with one big difference.  The spiders here are carrying ant-corpses,
as well as cats, wolves, and humans.

Name: On The Busy Path
Description: Spiders, spiders, everywhere!  It is almost ant-like in efficiency
with one big difference.  The spiders here are carrying ant-corpses,
as well as cats, dogs, and humans.

Name: A Split In The Path
Description: As always, there is a split in the road.  One road is strewn with
cricket feelers.  The other is well-kept and suitable for smooth
travelling.  The webbing that was prevalent in earlier rooms is almost
non-existant now.

Name: A Fuzzy Tree Limb
Description: You are on a 'fuzzy' tree limb.  Interesting, since the branches
seem to have 'hairs' sprouting from its bark.  As you look closer
you see millions of aphids covering each limb.

Name: The Tree Trunk
Description: You feel that you can rest here safely.  There is evidence of
webbing here, but it is of a finer quality.

Name: The Tree Lair Entrance
Description: It seems the inhabitant of this place does not web her victims,
as evidenced by the remains before you.  The area is cluttered with
desiccated corpses, apparently bitten but unwebbed, and drained of
their life juices.

Name: The Wolf Spider Lair
Description: Very dark, as all lairs of spiders are.  Not much of furnishings
save an exit.  The wolf spider keeps no corpses here, but rather
throws them out at her leisure.

Name: The Webless Path
Description: Strange.  No webbing here.  In fact, no sounds whatsoever.  
The path continues northward, where you find that you may have
to tightrope your way across a ravine.

Name: Above The Ravine
Description: Stranger still.  Your feet get a real firm grip on the spiderline.
You are above a deep ravine.  This line connects you between two trees.
Below you can see a prismatic web with lots of animal bones caught in it:
some bear and small deer bones in fact.  No human skeletons are visible 
(yet).

Name: The Rainbow Web
Description: This is the rainbow web -- each strand, each link, a hue of violently
sharp colors and contrasts.  The resident here seems to have a command
of light as well.

Name: The Web Forest
Description: The trees here take on a different appearance -- they are not trees
anymore, but disjointed make-shift silken made shafts, sticky to the
touch, and webby in texture.  This is another world it would appear.

Name: The Slave Pit
Description: You have entered the slave pit.  A voice blares in the distance,
'Get back to work, maggots!'  Rails upon rails of mined gold and silver
clutter the trail beneath you.

Name: The Tether Path
Description: Another tether path just like the rest of them.  Surprisingly
well-lit by the golden orbs that hang from the sides, you can see
the paths become finer and finer in quality.

Name: A Road Crossing
Description: Another shifty little strand of webs, almost ethereal in nature.

Name: A Leader Strand
Description: This strand is weightier, more sturdy.  It shimmers as you step on
it.  You are definitely not in the Midgaardian realms anymore.  Just
where you are you can't tell.  It feels like you're moving through
ether.  You can still get back down to more surer lands.

Name: The Entrance Of The Ethereal Web
Description: You are at the entrance to ethereal web.  Flickering in and out,
in and out, each strand reveals a different hue from black to green 
to blue.

Name: The Young Wormkin's Crib
Description: A playpen of sorts, with maggots of wasps and other baby
vermin lying about.  You feel that humans have been played with
here too, and eaten later.  You sense that the maker of this
place has an appetite for dragon meat, and uses this room as a
breeding area.

Name: The Base Of The Web
Description: Large strands connect at this point.  The node shimmers and
flickers within the ether.  You see many flying creatures --
insects, pegasi, and dragon wormkins -- navigate the dangerous
passages of the web.  Exits go in many directions.

Name: Through The Trees
Description: This part of the web intersects through the branches of some
trees.  Various leaves and other debris that the many drones have
not picked up yet lie here.

Name: Above The Clouds
Description: You can see all of Midgaard in this ethereal web.  Many
of the larger dragons that do wish to fly seem to fly away
from the sticky strands of the web.

Name: On A Cloud
Description: This cloud is rather thick in consistency.  You suddenly realize
this is not a typical cloud, but it might be the nest of an aerial
creature.

Name: A Link In The Ethereal Web
Description: This is another link in the ethereal web.  Various creatures seem
to get caught (or hypnotized) by its sticky strands.

Name: The Tenuous Strand
Description: Very windy here since it goes up into the sky somewhat.  Still, it
is safe enough to move around.

Name: The Elder Wormkin's Room
Description: A more mature wormkin it seems resides here.  Various tomes
of arcane lore clutter the area, along with shards of armor and
weaponry.

Name: Another Tree Limb
Description: Once again the web crosses another tree limb.  To the side you
see the possible entrance to another creature's lair.

Name: The Bird Spider's Lair
Description: This is a big game hunter among most spiders.  Crushed
jewels and weapons suggest the inhabitant must have powerful
jaws.  Beware!

Name: A Link In The Ethereal Web
Description: This is another link in the ethereal web.  Various creatures
seem to get caught (or hypnotized) by its sticky strands.

Name: The Quiet Tree Top
Description: This is a quiet tree top.  Downwards you can see a familiar path
that may lead back to Midgaard.

Name: On The Web
Description: RRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAARR!  You hear the roar
of a powerful beast.  Dragon, you think.  You shiver in your boots
as you tiptoe along this section of the web.

Name: The Ki-Rin Chamber
Description: A wise ki-rin was entrapped here many years ago.  It is from her
that the ruler of this realm draws magical strength.

Name: A Link In The Ethereal Web
Description: This is another link in the ethereal web.  Various creatures
seem to get caught (or hypnotized) by its sticky strands.  To
the north you sense the heavy breathing of a fiery animal.

Name: Yevaud's Lair
Description: Yevaud, the Usurper of Midgaard, resides here.  A voice cries
out, 'BEWARE, the Usurper of Midgaard lives here!  FLEE while you can!'
But even Yevaud has his master... or so you deduce.

Name: A Link In The Ethereal Web
Description: This is another link in the ethereal web.  Various creatures
seem to get caught (or hypnotized) by its sticky strands.  A
single spider line lies to the north, while ghastly seemings are
due southward.  The grim entrance of Arachnos' Lair is downward.

Name: The Entrance To The Donjonkeep
Description: A dark path at the end of the web strand, you see ahead
a torch lit chamber where the souls of unavenged adventurers
come and gnash their teeth.  The howls and screams of many
echo through the hall ways.  You see one definite path ahead.

Name: The Guardian's Room
Description: A chair sits here for a tireless guardian who ensures that no
soul escapes.  Other than that, the room is undecorated.

Name: The Realm Of The Hopeless
Description: Here you see many misguided souls who think they still live.
They search for those who killed them without warrant, and seek
the free souls of living beings to inhabit and perhaps adventure
once more.

Name: The Realm Of The Hopeless
Description: Here you see many misguided souls who think they still live.
They search for those who killed them without warrant, and seek
the free souls of living beings to inhabit and perhaps adventure
once more.

Name: The Donjonkeep
Description: No souls have ever lived in this place.  The wails of slaves and
the howls of wolves are the only way you can describe the sounds you
hear.  The walls are thin and wispy.  The only light you receive is
the shimmering from the strand of the ethereal web you used to get
here.

Name: The Single Spider Line
Description: A single spider line supports you once more.  As you look across
the ether you seen a single shack up ahead with a light in the window.
You sense a great evil coming from the north and feel inclined to go
back on the ethereal web and take your chances there.

Name: The Single Spider Line
Description: A single spider line supports you once more.  The shack comes
closer into view and you are even more inclined to go back now.

Name: The Hermit's Corner
Description: Here you see evidence of a vagrant's abode.  The shack is to the
north, if you dare enter it.  You get the sneaking feeling you should
go back now.  The skies above you darken and roar with the laughter
of thunder.

Name: Mahatma's Inescapable Trap
Description: Mahatma, that silly thief, is here, and he steals everything you
have.  He says 'Here, have a quick trip to the Temple of Midgaard.'
He plunges a black dagger into your back...

Name: The Entrance To The Arachnos' Lair
Description: All strands inevitably lead here, the center of the web, the
entrance to Arachnos' Lair.

Name: The Sticky Chamber
Description: You can still bail out since your knees are shaking from the
anticipation (or is it fear?).  The sky is clear on this strand of 
web, surprisingly unsticky.  The strand does not vibrate like the 
others.  A few ballooning spiders pass by, cackling 'You're gonna
die, you're gonna fry.  Good bye!'

Name: The Great Door
Description: Before you you see a large, web-like door.  Various designs
of ancient runes and names of Midgaard heroes are etched into
the webwork.  Perhaps lists of victims?  You can't tell.

Name: The Lair Of Arachnos
Description: This is the lair of the Empress Spider, Arachnos.  You can
see a lavishly adorned rainbow web, her lair allows her to move
to any universe she wishes by using her magical strands to the
Prime Material Plane.  Coffers upon coffers of gold, magical
jewels and gems await.  Unfortunately Arachnos is a baggy spider
too, and webs all her treasures to her beautiful silken body.

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: This trail leads up, up, up into the mountains.  You
hope you don't fall down, because that would hurt, hurt,
hurt!  The trail continues to the east, and you can go
back down to the small hidden valley to the west.

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: You're really high up now.  You can keep going even
farther up into the mountains to the east, or go back
down to the west.

Name: A Mountain Trail
Description: Wispy clouds are beginning to surround you now, and
your ears pop due to the altitude.  To the east, you see
the summit of the mountain, and from the way the nearby
mountains are arranged behind it, you believe you're
on your way to a big valley.  You can also go down
to the west.

Name: Near The Mountain's Peak
Description: The peak of this mountain is another couple hundred
feet above you, but here is where the trail leads down
into the valley...  What an odd valley!
   The valley seems to have been filled up by a hundreds
of feet of lava many years ago.  It gives the valley an
odd, 'flat' look and darkish ground.  The path leads
down east into the valley, and west back to civilization.

Name: The Trail To The Valley
Description: The trail leads down into the valley, where, by judging
by the height of the trees, the lava had cooled tens
of decades ago.  Down below you see the path lead into
the small forest in the valley, and disappear out of
sight.  East leads into the valley, West back to civilization.

Name: In The Valley
Description: The ground has taken on the texture of dirt on the top,
but this valley is far too flat and too rocky to disguise
the catastrophe that happened here so long ago.  Looking
up to the mountains ringing this area, you notice several
mountains look as if they had 'exploded', which is strange,
considering that they are not volcanos.
   The path leads into the woods to the east, and back up
the mountain to the west.

Name: In A Clearing
Description: You come to a small clearing now, after walking for several
minutes through the silent woods.  An odd block sticks up
here and there in   the ground... wait a minute.  These
stones seem a little too regular, and from the circle 
formation and size you could almost swear that they were...
crenellations?  Could some sort of building been buried
by the lava here?  A rusty ring sticks out of the earth
in the center... a trapdoor?  This is almost too good to
be true!

Name: A Stairwell
Description: This small room is the top of a stairwell leading down
deep into the tower.  A small trapdoor overhead leaks
the light of day around its edges.  To the south is a 
wooden door, preserved through the ages by means 
unknown.  To the west is a short hall.

Name: A Linen Closet
Description: This small room holds many types of linen on shelves 
along the walls.  They are undoubtedly preserved by
magic against the toil of the ages, since they seem
freshly washed and folded.  You wonder what sort of
mage could wield so much power to waste on such little
things.

Name: A Corridor
Description: This is only a clean corridor, that leads back to the 
stairwell to the east, and has doors leading to other
rooms to the north and south.

Name: A Bathroom
Description: This is some sort of bathroom, like you've never seen
before...  Water appliances leading from nowhere deliver
hot and cold running water to basins that drain to...
where?  How strange!

Name: The Master Bedroom
Description: This is an opulent room, decorated in silks and gold.
There is an ebony desk against one wall, cooled lava rock
spilling over its surface from the window it once looked
out at.  A nice, spacious closet is filled with clothes
just cleaned and pressed.

Name: The Library
Description: A great mages' library is contained on this floor of 
the tower.  You feel you could learn anything you wanted
to if you only looked and read long enough.  A door
opens up back on the stairwell to the east.

Name: The Stairwell
Description: This stairwell continues up and down, and there is
a door to the west.

Name: A Hidden Hall
Description: This is a small hidden hall with a secret entrance to the
library on the north end of the west wall, and a trapdoor 
on the south end.

Name: A Stairwell
Description: This stairwell continues up and down, and there is a door
to the west opening up onto this level.

Name: The Hidden Treasure Room
Description: Jackpot!  A small room filled with treasure chests!  Go get them!

Name: A Hallway
Description: This hall runs through the tower.  There's more hall to
the west, and doors to your north and south.  A door to
the east leads back to the stairwell.

Name: A Servant's Room
Description: This seems to be a small servant's bedroom, sparsely
decorated and outfitted with a bed, nightstand, chair
and table, etc.  Nothing real important here.

Name: A Servant's Room
Description: This seems to be a small servant's bedroom, sparsely 
decorated and outfitted with a bed, nightstand, chair
and table, etc.  Nothing real important here.

Name: A Hallway
Description: This hallway continues to the east, and has a door to 
the north.  You could swear that the way this level is
arranged... nah, couldn't be.

Name: A Servant's Room
Description: This seems to be a small servant's bedroom, sparsely
decorated and outfitted with a bed, nightstand, chair
and a table, etc.  Nothing real important here.

Name: The Stairwell
Description: This stairwell leads up and down, and there is a big
open room to your west.

Name: The Dining Hall
Description: This is a large dining hall, with a long table that runs
down the length of it.  Chairs are set up along the sides
to accomodate approximately 10 people.  There are paintings
and tapestries on the walls, adding color to the stonework,
The cooled lava that had poured in the windows makes the place 
seem eerie somehow .  There is a door to the north, and
the stairwell is to the east.

Name: The Kitchen Area
Description: This is a well-stocked kitchen, the larders still fresh
and full as if by magic.  Perhaps this would be a good
place to take a break.

Name: The Stairwell
Description: The stairwell leads up and down here, and there is a hall
you can enter to the west.

Name: A Hall
Description: This area of the tower seems dank and oppressive.  The
hall runs north-south, and there is an empty cell to your
west.  The stairwell is to your east.

Name: A Hall
Description: This is the northern end of the hall.  There are cells to
your right and left, empty and awaiting occupants.

Name: A Hall
Description: This is the southern end of the hall.  There are cells to
your right and left, empty and awaiting occupants.

Name: A Stairwell
Description: The stairwell continues up and down here.  A large room
opens up to the west.

Name: A Mage's Office
Description: A small desk here is cluttered with magically preserved
papers and documents.  None seem of value, except perhaps
to a historian.  This place seems vaguely uninteresting...

Name: The Stairwell
Description: The stairs go up and down here, and there is a room to the
west...

Name: A Sitting Room
Description: This is a simply furnished room, with chairs all about.
A fireplace is inset into an inner wall, the chimney
undoubtedly directed by magic...
   This would be a nice place to rest awhile...

Name: The Stairwell
Description: This is where the stairwell finally ends.  There is a hall
to your west.

Name: A Hallway
Description: This small hallway on the former 'ground floor' ran north-
south.  To the east is the stairwell that leads up into 
the shadowy recesses of the tower.  To the west is the
entrance way to the tower.  The north is completely blocked
off by lava, and the way south is still clear.

Name: The Entranceway
Description: This is a grand chamber with giant double-doors to the
west.  To the east is the main floor of the tower.  This
room is arranged highly attractively and very impressively,
with sculptures and tapistries everywhere.  The doors seem
impenetrable... you don't think you'd be able to get through
them if you really had to...

Name: The Doorway
Description: This was the entrance to the tower.  Now lava has blocked
it up completely.  However:
   It seems when the lava came down a man was outside the
doors.  He was blasted into the doors, and died instantly,
but his skeleton still clutches a staff in perfect 
condition...

Name: The Hallway
Description: This is the southern part of the hallway.  There is 
a door to the west, barred with gleaming bands of lights.
To the north is more hallway.

Name: The Stairs
Description: Stairs lead down here into the tower's basement, or you
can head east into the main floor of the tower.

Name: The Stairs
Description: Stairs lead up here to the main level, or you can go east
to the basement of the tower.

Name: An Alcove
Description: This alcove leads into a huge room to your north, and
to stairs leading down to the east, and stairs going 
up to your west.

Name: The Laboratory
Description: This laboratory has lots of stuff in it.  Beakers,
flasks, burners, tongs, mortars and pestles, jars filled
with normal things, jars filled with abnormal things, jars
filled with things you'd rather not think about...
A search could reveal many things...

Name: The Stairs
Description: Stairs lead down here to the second level of the basement,
or back west to the alcove.

Name: The Stairs
Description: Stairs lead up here to the first level of the basement, or
you can go east to another big room.

Name: The Summoning Room
Description: This room is darkly lit by a giant glowing pentagram in
the center of the room.  Bands of force encircle some
sort of being trapped inside.  You think that going
inside would be an EXTREMELY BAD idea...

Name: Inside A Pentagram
Description: The small god entrapped by the wizard looks at you with
an insane expression.  Four hundred years of imprisonment
doesn't do much for one's...

   OOPS!

   He killed you!
   You are dead, R.I.P.

Name: The Path To The Dwarven Village
Description: You are walking down a path that leads to the dwarven village.  Above
you, you can see the Turning Point, and to the north the path continues 
toward the mountains.

Name: The Path At The Base Of The Mountain
Description: Now you are at the bottom of a rugged mountain.  The forest around you
is very dense, and it seems very dark to the north.

Name: The Path At The Middle Of The Mountain
Description: Standing on the middle of the mountain, you can easily see the city to
the south, and the top of the mountain is very near to the north.

Name: The Top Of The Mountain
Description: You are now on the top of the mountain.  To the south you see a path
leading down the mountain.  To the east and west you see entrances to
what seems like mines.

Name: The Narrow Path
Description: This is a narrow path leading to the Dwarven Kingdom.  It looks less
travelled than the others, and it is very creepy.  The path opens up to 
the south, and continues to the north.

Name: The Entrance To The Mountain
Description: Here is an entrance to the mountain.  The door looks very well built,
and you can hear noise coming from within.

Name: A Bend In The Narrow Path
Description: This is a narrow path that bends to the east here.  The trees hang
over the path, and it is very overgrown.  The narrow path continues to
the south and to the east.

Name: The Narrow Path
Description: This path is very narrow, and it continues to the north and west.

Name: The Narrow North-South Path
Description: This path leads to the north and south.  To the north you can see a
door, and to the south the path continues.

Name: The Door To The Kingdom
Description: Here the path turns to the west.  You can see a door in front of you,
and the path continues to the west and south.

Name: On The Path To The Castle
Description: You are on a path that will eventually lead to the castle.  It
continues north to the castle, and there is a door in the southern
wall.

Name: Still On The Path To The Castle
Description: You are still on the path to the castle, or back to the Dwarven
village, whichever way you wish to go.  The path continues to the
north and south.

Name: The Door To The Castle
Description: Here there is a door to the castle to the east.  The castle is 
elegantly designed, and looks much like a roll of toilet paper
standing  on its end.  There is a sign which says:

              ******************************************
              *  WELCOME TO THE CASTLE OF STRANGELOVE  *
              *      Here, celibacy is uninvited       *
              ******************************************

Name: Inside The Entrance
Description: Everything here is covered in soot and very grimy.  The path continues
to the east and north, and there is a door to the west.

Name: The Path
Description: You are on a path in the dwarven village which leads north to the shops
and south to the corner of the area.

Name: A Turn In The Road
Description: You are on a path that leads to the Hide & Tooth shop to the west, and
the path continues to the south.

Name: The Hide & Tooth Shop
Description: You are in the Hide & Tooth shop.  Here you may buy the finest in Dwarven
weapons and armors.  The path continues to the north and east.

Name: The Path To The North Of The Shop
Description: You are on a path to the north of the Hide & Tooth shop.  The path 
continues to the north, and there is Granite Head's bakery to the west.

Name: North Of The Shops
Description: Here the path bends to the east towards the barracks. To the south
you can see the shops.

Name: A Path By The Hospital
Description: Here the path passes by the Hospital to the north.  It continues
to the east to the barracks, and to the west.

Name: A Path Next To The Barracks
Description: Here the path continues west, and east to the barracks.

Name: The Entrance To The Barracks
Description: Here there is an entrance to the barracks to the south, and the path 
continues to the west.

Name: A Guard House
Description: You are in the guard house to the west of the entrance to the castle.  
There are nudie posters covering the walls.

Name: The First Barrack Room
Description: Here is the first of two main rooms of barracks.  The barracks
continue to the south, and you can leave the room to the north.

Name: The Back Of The Barracks
Description: Here is the back of the dwarven barracks.  There are rows of beds 
here, and there is a stench that is unbearable.

Name: Inside Of Castle Strangelove
Description: You are just inside the castle.  It is very tubular in shape,
and it is very featureless.  There is a set of stairs that lead
up, and the door leads out of the castle to the west.

Name: A Store Room
Description: There is a layer of dust on the floor at least 3 inches thick!  It is
probable that not many people have been in here for many months.

Name: The Wine Cellar
Description: This room smells like wine, and you can only assume it used to be
a wine cellar at one time.

Name: On The Stairs In Castle Strangelove
Description: The stairs continue to circle up and down here.

Name: On The Stairs
Description: You are still circling around on the stairs.  You are starting to
get dizzy from going around and around and around and around and
around.  The stairs continue up and down.

Name: At The Top Of The Stairs
Description: You are at the top of the stairs in the castle.  There is an exit
to the east, and the stairs lead down.

Name: The Queen's Waiting Room
Description: This is the Queen's waiting room.  Here the men literally
'wait' for the queen.  You've heard that the queen really
likes to get to 'know' her people, in the biblical sense.
   The Queen's bedroom is to the north, and you can see stairs
to the west.

Name: The Queen's Bedroom
Description: This is the Queen's bedroom.  The bed is all ruffled, and there
is a stack of dirty sheets piled in the corner.  There is a ladder
that leads down, out of the castle, and you can leave the room
to the south.  There is also a small wooden door to the west.
There is a sign that says:

      -------------------------
      |  I'm busy right now,  |
      |  and don't know when  |
      |  Ill be back, but if  |
      |  there is a key here  |
      |  take it and PLEASE,  |
      |  try to get my birth  |
      |  control pills back!  |
      |  I've heard they can  |
      |  be found somewhere,  |
      |  deep in the mines..  |
      -------------------------

Name: The North Side Of Castle Strangelove
Description: You are standing on the north side of Castle Strangelove.  You
notice that you are no longer inside the mountain anymore either.
Along the southern horizon you see towering mountains.
   The only exit, however, is back up the ladder into the Queen's
Bedroom.

Name: The Hospital
Description: You are inside the Dwarven Hospital.  It smells like rubbing
alcohol, and there is blood all over the walls.

Name: Granite Head's Bakery
Description: The aroma coming from this room is astonishing.  You can almost taste
the pastries dissolving in your mouth.

Name: The Dark Path
Description: This path is very well worn, and there is an entrance to the mines to the
east, while the path continues to the north and west.

Name: The Mine Entrance
Description: The little path here leads down toward the mines, while the worn path
continues to the west.

Name: At The Bottom Of The Mineshaft
Description: You are at the bottom of the mineshaft.  The air here is very sooty, and
it is very hard to breath.  The mineshaft leads up and east.

Name: On The Path Inside The Mine
Description: You are deep inside the mine, and you feel very uncomfortable.  The
path continues to the east, and leads to the mineshaft to the west.

Name: The Mine Crossroad
Description: You are at a crossroad in the mine.  There is a door to the north,
and the path continues to the south, east, and west.

Name: The Coal Room
Description: You are inside the storage area for the raw materials that are
found down here.  The room is very unsturdy as the supports are
very rickety.

Name: The Mine Maze
Description: You have entered the maze of the mines.  To the east you can see
some inscriptions, and you can exit to the south.

Name: At The Maze Inscription
Description: You are inside the maze, but not far enough in that you could
get lost.  There is an enscription on the wall which says:

          1    3    2    4
          N    W    N    S

This isn't too tough, so don't take it so rough.

Name: The Maze
Description: You are in a maze.

Name: The Maze
Description: You are in a maze.

Name: The Maze
Description: You are in a maze.

Name: The Mining Equipment Room
Description: This is the storage room for equipment used by the Dwarven miners.
It is very small, and you can tell that not many miners actually use 
equipment.

Name: The End Of The Maze
Description: You have solved the maze.  You can tell by the last few moves
that there is no way that a dumb worker could have figured that
out.  It seems pretty desolate here.  To the south is a bleak
room.  To the north, you see the maze.  There is a sign above
the south exit:

THOSE WHO ENTER, PLAN ON A TIMELY DEATH.
(ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE LOYAL TO THE QUEEN)

Name: The Mazekeeper's Room
Description: You have entered the Mazekeeper's room.  There are pictures of
the Queen with darts thrown at it.  Spraypainted on the wall are
things like 'the queen shall suffer' and 'Catholics Rule'.

Name: The Treasury
Description: This room appears to be the Queen's Treasury.  There is one
exit, back to the east.

Name: The Fissure Under The Ledge
Description: This is a small fissure in the solid rock.  Under you lies the deep dark
pool.  The water trickles quietly down from the ledge above you.  The water
smells like the water in a sewer.

Name: The Muddy Sewer
Description: You are standing in mud to your knees.  This is not the kind of place
for a picnic.  The muddy sewer stretches further into the south.

Name: The Muddy Sewer Junction
Description: The muddy sewer stretches into the dark to the south.  It looks as if 
no person has ever put his foot here before.  It is too muddy for that
anyway.  The sewer leads north, south and east from here.

Name: The Mudhole
Description: You stand in mud all the way up to your thighs and it is not too 
comfortable since you are used to a somewhat different environment.
The sewer leads to the north of here.  In the middle you can just
make out an enormous drainpipe leading down.

Name: The Dark Pit
Description: You are standing by the edge of a dark pit that leads down into even
deeper darkness.  >BWWAAADDRR< - The smell from down there is unbearable.
The sewer stretches into the darkness to the east.

Name: The Muddy Sewer
Description: You are standing in the middle of a bend of the sewer pipe.  It is very
dark around here and the mud is sticking to your legs, not very pleasant.
The pipe leads east and south from here.

Name: The Muddy Sewer
Description: You are standing in something that reminds you very much of porridge,
this has the advantage that it is not hot, it is rather cold actually.
The pipe bends to the north and east.

Name: The Muddy Sewer Bend
Description: This isn't your idea of a place to stay too long.  You're in up to
your knees in something that resembles mud, but you're not quite sure.
The bend in which you stand leads west and south.

Name: A Muddy Intersection
Description: You have both your feet safely stuck in mud.  It isn't the mud that is
wrong it is the smell, the sounds, the total darkness that surrounds you.
Everything here is so depressing.  The pipe leads on with a trail of thick
mud to the north, east and south.

Name: The Sewer Junction
Description: You stand in the middle of a huge junction of sewer pipes right under
what you'd think was an air shaft.  The sewer pipes lead to the north,
south, east and west.  It look quite impossible to force your way up.

Name: A Bend In The Sewer Pipe
Description: You are in a bend in the sewer pipe.  A strong smell seeps in from the
north.  The sewer goes north and east.

Name: The Muddy Sewer Pipe
Description: You have entered a kind of tube intersection that leads south, west
and east.  Your legs are covered in mud up to the knees.  REAL yucky!

Name: The Bend In The Muddy Sewer
Description: This is not your idea of a holiday.  You stand in mud up to your knees.
It is absolutely inconceivable how all this mud could have been placed
here.  The pipe leads to the west and south.

Name: A Muddy Intersection
Description: You wouldn't want to know the true feeling of standing in this mud up to
your hips.  >BWAADR<.  All that fills your mind right now is the dream of
a hot bath.  This is NOT very clean mud you know, remember you're in the
sewer!  The pipes leads north, south and east.

Name: The Muddy Sewer
Description: You stand in a bend of the pipe system of the sewer with mud up to your
thighs.  Contemplating a higher level of existence here would be utterly
inappropriate, as the smell would keep any intelligent creature from even
thinking of anything but getting away from this foul end of the WORLD.
The bend goes from north to west.

Name: The Old Well
Description: You are standing by an old and worn well from before this century.  The
sewer leads to the east from here and the well leads down into darkness.
Metal bars implanted in the side of the well lead down as a ladder.

Name: The Ordinary Bend
Description: You are in the middle of a bend in the pipe system of the sewer system, 
WHAT a place!!!  The pipe leads to the south and the east.

Name: The Sewer Junction
Description: You are in a junction that leads north, west and south.

Name: The Ordinary Junction
Description: This looks like an ordinary junction, actually it seems very quiet
here.  The pipelines lead west, east and north.

Name: A Quiet Pipe Junction
Description: This is the kind of place to rest, though the smell could be a LOT
better than this.  The sewer goes east, north and west from here.

Name: The Odd Room With Smooth Walls
Description: As you enter you hear a loud click from one of the walls... and you fall
and fall and fall...
.
.
.
.
... And come to an abrupt end.  THIS is strange indeed.  There is an arched
entryway leading down.

Name: The Sewer
Description: You are standing in mud up to your ankles.  This is an intersection with 
sewer pipes leading east, south and west.

Name: Another Intersection
Description: You have never seen anything so BORING... This is an intersection with
pipes leading north, south and east.

Name: A Junction
Description: This one seems interesting, a big difference from all the other junctions.
It seems cleaner than the rest of them.  Weird.  Something that looks like 
an air shaft leads upwards, but it looks far too slippery to climb.
The pipes lead to the south, west and north.

Name: The Sewer Junction
Description: You stand in a junction of sewer pipes leading north, east and west.

Name: The Triple Junction
Description: You stand in the middle of a huge junction of concrete sewer pipes.  The 
pipes lead into three different directions: east, south and west.

Name: The Quadruple Junction Under The Dump
Description: You are standing in something that reminds you of an entry to an ant hive.
There are enormous concrete pipes leading north, south, east and west.  
There is also a metal ladder built into the concrete wall leading up through
a layer of garbage.

Name: A Triple Junction
Description: You stand in a junction with pipes leading west, north and east.

Name: A Bend In The Sewer Pipe
Description: You can look in two directions where the pipe leads: south and west.

Name: The Sewer Pipe Bend
Description: You can look in two different directions where the pipe goes: west and 
north.

Name: The Pit
Description: You stand in a section of a pipe that leads to a dead end.  In the floor
there is a pit leading down.  There are bars set in the side of the pit
wall functioning as a ladder.

Name: The Round Room
Description: As you enter the room it starts rotating - at first slowly, then faster
and faster - You get totally confused as to where up and down is, but
you are certain that the doorway is in the opposite direction of what
it was when you entered.  It now leads east.  There is only this one
exit.

Name: The Three Way Junction
Description: You are standing in a junction of pipes that lead west, east and south.

Name: The Sewer Store Room
Description: You stand in a small room lit by a single torch set in the wall.  The only 
way out of here is to the north.

Name: The Shaft
Description: You are standing by the edge of a deep, dark shaft leading down.  A single
ladder is your tool to work your way down if you so wish.  The sewer pipe
leads south from here.

Name: The Sewer Entrance
Description: You stand in the middle of a pipe that leads from north to south.  Above
you an air shaft leads up into sunlight.  It seems totally impossible to go
up that way.

Name: The Junction Going Three Ways
Description: You are in a passageway in the pipes of the sewer system leading north,
east and west.

Name: The Sewer Room
Description: You are standing in a large room with chairs set in the walls.  You have
the feeling of being watched.  To the south there is an entrance to a
larger room.  The room is lit by five torches, also set in the walls.  To
the west there is a doorway leading out to the sewers.

Name: The Sewer Room
Description: This is a Room with walls that glitters like gold though not quite like
it. This is strange as it looks as if the glitter lights the whole room.
It looks very bright.  To the south the floor is covered with yucky water.
The north leads to a sort of a guard room.

Name: The Pool In The Sewer
Description: You stand in water to your waist.  To the north is the entrance to this
room.  A single door leads east.

Name: The Sewers
Description: You stand in a dead end of the sewer.  The only way out is south.
You can see a shaft leading up but it looks too difficult to go up
that way.

Name: The Junction
Description: You stand in a junction leading north, west and east.

Name: The Small Room
Description: The only thing in this room of interest is a chair, and that appears
to have been bolted to the rock floor.  A doorway leads south and another
leads east into darkness.

Name: The Sewer Pipe
Description: You are in what reminds you of a foul sewer, as if you liked being here!  
You can see two exits leading either north or south.

Name: The Grand Sewer
Description: You are in a grand sewer pipe.  This stretches toward the south.  It is
large indeed!  A doorway leads to the east from here.

Name: The South End Of The Grand Pipe
Description: You stand in water to your knees.  A doorway leads west from here.  The
pipe stretches north.

Name: The Edge Of The Water Sewer
Description: You stand in a room where half of the floor is covered in water.  The
water leads east and a doorway leads west.

Name: The Dark Hallway
Description: You can't see much of this, even with a light.  The hallway goes into a
passageway to the south.  A doorway leads west.

Name: The Dark Passageway
Description: You can't see anything but the ground where you put your feet.  The 
passageway seems to continue south and north.

Name: The Dark Passageway
Description: You can't see anything but the ground where you put your feet.  The
passageway seems to continue south and north.

Name: The Dark Passageway
Description: You can't see anything but the ground where you put your feet.  The
passageway seems to continue south and north.

Name: The Dark Passageway
Description: You can't see anything but the ground where you put your feet.
The passageway seems to continue west and north.  To the east there
is water covering the floor and that leads through an arched entry
to a watery sewer.

Name: The Watery Sewer Bend
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to bend and lead south and west.

Name: The Watery Sewer
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead south and north.

Name: The Watery Sewer
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead south and north.

Name: The Watery Sewer Junction
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead into a junction going south, north and east.

Name: The Watery Sewer
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead south and north.

Name: The Watery Sewer Junction
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead into a junction that goes north, south and east.

Name: The Watery Sewer
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to lead south and north.

Name: The Watery Sewer Bend
Description: You can't see anything but the water you're in up to your hips.  The sewer
seems to bend and lead west and north.

Name: A Ledge By A Dark Pool
Description: You can't see much here but the echo tells you that there is quite a drop
down.  You can just make out a huge dark pool out there in the darkness, 
mostly because of the trickling of water.  The water from the sewer actually
washes over this ledge and makes it quite slippery.  From here it drops, 
like a waterfall, into the pool far down.

Name: A Ledge By A Dark Pool
Description: You can't see much here but the echo tells you that there is quite a drop
down.  You can just make out a huge dark pool out there in the darkness,
mostly because of the trickling of water.  The water from the sewer actually
washes over this ledge and makes it quite slippery.  From here it drops,
like a waterfall, into the pool far down.  Under you there is a small fissure
in the rock.  It seems big enough to contain a few people.

Name: The Edge Of The Water
Description: The pool side is dimly lit up by your light.  You can see absolutely
nothing else nearby.  The darkness her seems enormously oppressive here.
The air is damp and the rock on which you stand is slippery.  The pool
seems too dark to make anything clear.  The pool seems to extend to the
east.  The rock can be climbed upwards from here.

Name: Under The Mudhole
Description: You stand in a small room with a great big opening in the ceiling.  From
this opening there is mud dripping down in large lumps.  >YUCK<.  You can
smell the foul stench of the slimy sediment as you try not to get covered
by the falling sludge.  To the east there is an entryway leading out from
here and it seems absolutely impossible to force the muddy descent.

Name: Under The Dark Pit
Description: Nice place you found yourself in.  You stand in the middle of a room
with only two exits, up and east.  A tall ladder has been left here so
that you can climb up through the pit without the use of a rope.

Name: A Muddy Bend In The Sewer System
Description: You are standing in what looks like a bend in the pipe system of the
sewer.  The 'floor' is covered completely by mud!  This includes covering
your legs up to your knees as well.  The pipe leads west and south.

Name: A Junction In The Sewer Pipes
Description: You stand in the middle of what looks like a triple junction of pipes
going east, west and north.

Name: Down The Old Well
Description: You are dangling on the slippery sides of the old well leading down and
up.  The only secure point here is the metal bars that are cemented into the
sides, the ones that you cling frantically to so that you don't fall.  Who
knows how deep this well is?  The bars lead down and up and nowhere else.

Name: The Northwestern Corner Of The Ledge
Description: You stand, swaying out from the ledge, with only a couple of inches of
safe, solid ledge under your feet.  The ledge continues to the east but not
back south.  It seems that the ledge is too narrow to turn on so you'll have
to continue forward.

Name: The Narrow Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.

Name: The Narrow Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.

Name: The Narrow Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.

Name: The Narrow Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.

Name: The Southwestern Corner Of The Ledge
Description: This seems like a ledge that is a little broader than the one just to
the north of here.  The ledge seems to lead around some sort of Abyss of
total darkness.  The ledge seems to have an odd-looking edge here.

Name: An Odd Intersection
Description: You stand in a rather odd intersection of pipes.  The pipes actually
don't resemble pipes anymore.  They look more like a real stone tunnel,
or a passageway hewn directly into the rock.  The ways from here lead
north, east and west.

Name: The Narrow Ledge Going East To West
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.

Name: Mid-Air
Description: You've just stepped into the most unlucky position in the whole of
CircleMUD.  The result of such a foolish act should be punished with
death, you know.  With an acceleration of approximately 9.82 meters
per second squared, you are now descending the Abyss.  What awaits you
at the bottom will continue to be a mystery.  Good-bye cruel world.

Name: The Broad Ledge
Description: You are standing on a ledge that seems quite a lot larger than the
rest of the ledges.  This one leads to the west and the east, plus it
has an exit going to the south.  Though you could jump into mid-air,
but it probably wouldn't be such a good idea.  The way south is in
utter darkness.

Name: The Northeastern Corner Of The Ledge
Description: You stand, swaying out from the ledge, with only a couple of inches of
safe, solid ledge under your feet.  The ledge continues to the west and
leads south from here into darkness.

Name: The Narrow Eastern Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.  And THAT is west of here
so watch your step.

Name: The Narrow Eastern Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.  And THAT is west of here
so watch your step.

Name: The Narrow Eastern Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.  And THAT is west of here
so watch your step.

Name: The Narrow Eastern Ledge
Description: You are in the process of walking all the way around the ledge since
there is no way of turning around on this all too narrow path.  There IS
another exit from here but that leads right into mid-air and with high
probability of a free fall session afterwards.  And THAT is west of here
so watch your step.  You also see a small opening to the east.

Name: The Southeastern Corner Of The Ledge
Description: This seems like a ledge that is a little broader than the one just to the
north of here.  The ledge seems to lead around some sort of abyss of total
darkness.

Name: Under The Pit
Description: You stand in a completely dark cavern leading west.  The wall looks
weird here.

Name: Under The Shaft
Description: A ladder leads up from here to the Shaft.  A small opening leads west
from here.

Name: The Sewer Line
Description: You are in a narrow part of the sewer.  Down the sewer continues and to
the north is the ledge.

Name: Mid-Air
Description: You've just stepped into the most unlucky position in the whole of
CircleMUD.  The result of such a foolish act should be punished with
death, you know.  With an acceleration of approximately 9.82 meters
per second squared, you are now descending the Abyss.  What awaits you
at the bottom will continue to be a mystery.  Good-bye cruel world.

Name: The Treasury
Description: You are in a small but well equipped treasury.  You can see some writing
on the wall.  The ceiling has a funny glow, which enables you to see.  You
can get back into the inner lair through the stone door which is east.

Name: The Inner Lair
Description: You are in a octagonal room with smooth purple stone walls.  The floor is 
made from black stone.  In the western wall you see a large black stone door.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.  To
the north is a wooden door.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.

Name: The Lair
Description: On the floor you see a lot of human decay, like bones and skulls.  You
also see a lot of slime.  On the wall is a torch sitting in its sconce.

Name: The Lair Entrance
Description: You are in a dry part of the sewer.  To the north is a wooden door,
you can see some slime at the lower part of the door.  You also see
some skulls and some broken bones.

Name: The Crawlway
Description: You are in a narrow crawlway.  It is rather boring here.

Name: The Four-Way Junction
Description: You are in a sewer junction.  To the north is a small hole, to the west
is a narrow crawlway and to the east and south the sewer continues.

Name: The Small Cave
Description: You are in a collapsed sewer drain, which now is more like a small cave.

Name: The Sewer Drain
Description: You are in a dry sewer drain which bends to the north.

Name: The Sewer Drain
Description: You are in a dry sewer drain which bends to the east.

Name: The End Of The Drain
Description: You are at the end of the drain around you the sewer has collapsed, the
only exit is west.

Name: The Half-Wet Drain
Description: You are in a sewer drain where the floor is covered with water.  To
the north it looks more dry, south however the drain runs down into
some water.

Name: Under Water In The Sewer
Description: You are swimming in some dirty water and are holding your breath.  You'd
better continue onwards before you drown.  It is a good thing that you can
hold your light above the water-level.

Name: The Half-Dry Drain
Description: You are in a half-dry sewer drain.  To the north the drain runs a little
bit downwards into some water to the east you can see a small hole.  To the
west you see another drain.

Name: The Very Small Room
Description: You are in a very small room, it is pretty uninteresting.

Name: A Dry Sewer Drain
Description: You are in a dry but dirty sewer drain.  The drain continues east and
south.

Name: A Boring Drain
Description: You are in yet another sewer drain.

Name: The Sewer Drain
Description: You are in a sewer drain, there is nothing special in here, except for a 
loud echo.

Name: The Sewer Drain
Description: You are in a drain, with some slimy water on the floor.

Name: The Sewer Bend
Description: You find yourself in an ordinary sewer bend, which bends from west to
north.

Name: The Sewer Junction
Description: You stand in a junction of three sewer drains.  You see some odd
scratches on the pipe wall, as if from a gigantic rat.  North and
south the sewer continues as usual, but west it looks a little
strange.

Name: The Sewer
Description: You are in a sewer, where the slimy water runs down through a tiny hole.
You see some odd scratches on the pipe wall, as from a gigantic rat.  There 
is a sewer drain south.

Name: The Strange Sewer
Description: You are in a very strange sewer indeed, there are some odd scratches on
the pipe wall, as from a gigantic rat.  And you can see a lot of organic
decay like bones from animals AND humans.  West the drain runs slightly
upwards.

Name: The Damp Sewer
Description: You are in a sewer drain with a funny damp substance on the floor, in the 
substance you see a lot of decay.  You see some odd scratches on the wall,
as if from a gigantic rat.  Both to the east and west the pipe seems to run
down.

Name: The Strange Sewer
Description: You are in an ordinary sewer except for a lot of scratches on the sewer
wall, and a lot of debris on the floor.

Name: The Sewer
Description: You are in a sewer with more scratches on the walls.  And of course a whole
lot of decay.  The drain runs east and north.

Name: The Sewer Drain
Description: You stand in a sewer drain, you are able to see some kind of cave-like
room.  You see some odd scratches on the drain wall, as if from a gigantic
rat.  The sewer leads south.

Name: The Rat's Lair
Description: You are in a little cave.  You are able to see quite a lot of debris on
the floor.  There is a sewer drain west of here.

Name: The Wall Of The Abyss
Description: You hang onto some steps leading down into utter darkness.  There is an
exit leading up as well, though you'll have to open the tiny rock again to
do so.

Name: The Entrance
Description: You are in a very dark room.  You notice that some faces are staring at
you from inside the walls.  In the middle of the room there is a small altar.
To the north there is a small round door.

Name: The Corridor
Description: The corridor is glowing oppressively in a red hue.  You can hear wailing
through an open black hole to the east.  To the south there is a round door.

Name: The Realm Of Lost Souls
Description: You are standing in nothing.  All around you there are stars.
Sometimes a shadow flies closely by you, wailing very loudly.  To
the north there is a small bright hole.  To the west there is a
small red hole.

Name: The T-Crossing
Description: You are in a small hallway.  There are doors to the east and to
the west.  To the south there are a black hole.  There is writing
in the wall.  Wails can be heard from the south.

Name: The Firedeath
Description: This room is very hot.  There are flames surrounding you.  You can
see no exits at all!  Skeletons are lying all over the floor.

Name: The Torture Room
Description: You are standing in a middle of a square room.  Along the walls skeletons 
are hanging in rusty chains.  In the middle of the room there is a big metal 
box, covered with dust.  To the south you can just make out a small exit.

Name: The Hell Yard
Description: You are standing in a lot of mud.  A disgusting smell surrounds
the place, and makes you feel sick.  Small flames sometimes shoot
up from the hot mud.  To the west there is a small door.  To the 
north you can see an iron door.

Name: On The Walls Of The Abyss
Description: You are clutching the steps on the wall so that you don't fall to the
ground down below.  You cannot see anymore handholds below you and thus
this stops your journey down, as the only exit is up.

Name: Cave Entrance
Description: You are standing in the cave entrance.  It is very dark down here.  There
is writing on the wall.  There is an exit to the north.  A stairway leads up.

Name: Cave Tunnel
Description: You are walking in a tunnel.  It is very cold.  You can feel the presence
of a living thing... SOMEWHERE.

Name: Cave Room
Description: You are standing in a room.  It is much cooler now.  The walls are glowing.

Name: The Cave T-Cross
Description: You are standing in a mudlike substance.  The smell here is awful, it is
rotten.  To the west you can see some light.

Name: The Cave Turning-Point
Description: The mud is getting deeper.  You are wondering, 'Would it be an idea to
leave, before I disappear?'.  To the south you notice a flat round stone
is blocking the way.  To the west you can see mud.

Name: The Secret Room
Description: There is dust all over the place.  It looks like nobody has been here
for ages.  In the middle of the room you see a socket with a crystal globe.
The globe glows with a pulsing light.  To the north you see a stone door.
To the south you see a grey block.

Name: The Mudhole
Description: You are standing in a lot of mud.  The mud goes to your chest.  You feel
the presence of something IN the mud.  The only obvious exit is to the west.

Name: A Tunnel
Description: The mud goes to your knees.  Otherwise the tunnel looks very normal.

Name: The Long Tunnel
Description: Here there is almost no mud, as you stand at the top of a small rock.  Just
beside you there are a sign which says 'WARNING!  The worms are dangerous!'

Name: The Hot Room
Description: You are very surprised, as this room for a change are hot instead of
cold.  To the north it goes downwards into some mud.  There are also an
exit to the west.

Name: The Small Room
Description: As you look around you notice a small statue.  There are exits to the west
and to the east.

Name: The Stalagmite Cave
Description: You are standing in a stalagmite cave.  Water is dripping from the walls.
It is very cold in here.

Name: The Stalagmite Tunnel
Description: You has entered a small tunnel.  Here it is quite dry.  Maybe it would be a
good idea to rest here.

Name: The Spongy Room
Description: You definitely do NOT like this area.  It is very dank, and most of the
room is wet.

Name: The Stalagmite T-Cross
Description: You are standing in a cross.  To the north you can see some light.
Otherwise it is dark.

Name: The Blind End Room
Description: This room is obviously a blind end.  To the north you see a primitive
picture.

Name: The Treasure Room
Description: This room is richly ornamented.  The walls have been carved to show
people dancing around a moon which is drawn on the floor.  It looks very
old, and it is very dusty.  To the south you see the back side of a secret
door.

Name: The Square Lair
Description: You are standing in the south-east part of the lair.  You can see a skeleton
lying in the corner.

Name: The Square Lair
Description: You are standing in the north-east part of the lair.
You see a sign on the wall.

Name: The Square Lair
Description: You are standing in the north-west part of the lair.  Here there is another
sign.  There is an exit from the lair to the north.

Name: The Lair End
Description: You can see a table in front of you.  It is very dusty.  Five skeletons are
sitting around the table.  Exits are north and east.

Name: The East Tunnel
Description: You are standing in dark tunnel, the exits are east and west.  To the west
you see a wooden door.

Name: The North Tunnel
Description: You are standing in a dark tunnel, it leads upwards.

Name: The L-Shaped Room
Description: You are standing in deep darkness.  To the south there is a small exit.
To the east you can see a gaping hole.

Name: The Circular Hall
Description: You are standing in round hall.  To the north, east and south you can see
a stone head hanging on the walls.

Name: A Dusty Tunnel
Description: You are standing in dust.  This place has not been touched for a long time. 
Otherwise it is quite boring here, looks like a place to rest!  To the west
you see the outline of a door.  A tunnel leads to the east.

Name: The Crossing
Description: You are standing in a crossing of hallways.  You can leave this place
in every direction, except up and down.  In the dust you notice strange
footprints.

Name: The L-Shaped Room
Description: You are standing in a L-shaped room.  You can hear noises from the long
tunnel to the east.  You feel very afraid!
A sign is hanging on the wall.

Name: The Dragon's Lair
Description: You can see burned walls, the floorstones are fiery red.  All kinds
of bones are scattered all over the floor.  On the walls you can see
some burned shapes.  You smell burnt flesh.  Two creatures are half
melted into the floor.

Name: The Burnt Room
Description: You are in a room, which once has at one time been quite burnt.  There
is writing on the wall.

Name: The Windy Tunnel
Description: You are standing in a tunnel.  Above you, you can feel a breeze.

Name: The Glittering Room
Description: This room is very bright.  On the walls you can see some silver.  Exits
are west, east and south.

Name: The Secret Passageway
Description: You have entered a tiny room.  There is only an exit to the west.

Name: The End Of Long Tunnel
Description: You are at a end of a long tunnel.  Right in front of you, you can see a
grey mass.  To the east you can see a tremendously long tunnel, but you know
that, you were just there.

Name: The Stair-Room
Description: You are standing in a small room.  Drawings of faces in pain are on the
walls.  You can feel that darkness is ruling the place.  There is one exit:
south.

Name: A Dark Tunnel
Description: You are standing in a dark tunnel.  It continues to the north and to the
south.  Bones are spread on the floor.

Name: The Entrance To The Lair
Description: The smell here is awful.  To the south you can see some smoke.  A tunnel
leads north and east.

Name: The North-Eastern Part Of The Basilisk's Cave
Description: It is hard to see here because of the smoke.  To the north you can barely
see a small tunnel.  Other exits are to the south and to the west.

Name: The South-Eastern Part Of The Basilisk's Cave
Description: There is a very small hole in wall from which the smoke is coming from. 
Otherwise it is pitch black.  Exits are north and west.

Name: The North-Western Part Of The Basilisk's Cave
Description: You can see some hay spread on the floor.  The smell is awful here, and it
makes you feel sick.  This place where the Basilisk sleeps.  Watch out...
maybe it is not far from here...

Name: The South-Western Part Of The Basilisk's Cave
Description: You can see nothing but smoke.

Name: The Small Cave
Description: You are standing in small cave.  You can see some light at the end.  Exits
are north and south.

Name: The Northern End Of The Pool
Description: You have wet feet, you are standing in water.  The water looks calm.  You
can see that it is a big lake.  Light seeps from the water.

Name: The Pool
Description: You are swimming in water.  It is getting deep here.  It is also dark in
this end.

Name: The South End Of The Pool
Description: You standing in water up to your neck!  You can only see water.

Name: The Pool
Description: You are swimming in DARKNESS.  You feel something touching your right leg.

Name: Outside Redferne's Residence
Description: A huge cloud forms the plateau on which you are now standing.  The
wind here is absolutely quiet and the sun is shining warmly upon you.
From under the cloud you can hear the faint sounds of Midgaard.  Right
before you to the north lies the grand Mansion of Naris.

Name: The Southern End Of The Hall
Description: You are standing in a vast hall that is dimly lit, but wherever the
light comes from, is a mystery.  The walls seem to radiate warmth and
give the pleasent feeling of being welcome here.  A large portrait is
hanging on one of the walls.  A large wooden staircase leads up into
the tower.  To the east there is a high passage away from the hall.
This ends shortly after by a tall oak door.  The enormous hall extends
further north from here.  To the south you can see a huge, and VERY 
heavy-looking iron-wrought door.  It looks like this is the only exit
from this magnificent old house.

Name: Redferne's Library
Description: This is truly a magnificent place!  Books and scrolls lie together
on every shelf.  A large globe, with the map of the world upon it,
stands in the dimly lit north-western corner of the room.  Two large
and comfortable looking leather armchairs adorn the center of the
library together with a huge oak desk.  Dim light radiates from an
enormous crystal chandelier hanging down from the ceiling approximately
10 feet off the floor.  To the east there is a great old ashen door.  A
large glass window is set in the west wall.

Name: The Artifact Room Of Naris
Description: This is gloomy and dark room with only a faint light radiating from the
walls.  A bunch of funny-looking items fill the center of the room.  There
is no furniture here what-so-ever.  The only way out seems to be west,
through the low steel door.

Name: The Northern End Of The Hall
Description: You are standing in the northern end of the huge hall.  This part is
under the grand wooden staircase so the light seems to be a little less
bright here, but this doesn't affect your sight at all.  To the north
lies the kitchen.  To the south lies the southern end of the hall.  To
the east there is a huge metal door.  To the west there is a large
aspenwood door.

Name: The Sitting Room Of Naris
Description: You are standing in the middle of a really comfortable place.  The
walls are decorated with paintings of smiling Kings and Queens.  The
most attractive picture is one of a Prince in shining armour.  By one
of the walls there is an old armchair.  The only exit is through the
aspenwood door to the east.

Name: The Kitchen Of Naris
Description: This must be the place of food and drink.  You can hear the faint noise
of rats feasting on meat and bread from somewhere undeterminable.  The sound
makes you feel the agony of HUNGER.  The only visible exit is south to the
Northern end of the hall.

Name: The Larder
Description: You can see food all over.  Among the heaps of food you notice HUGE rats
scuttling around, nibbling pieces off the heaps here and there.

Name: The Fridge
Description: This place is LOADED with drink, water and booze.

Name: On The Stairs
Description: You can see up and down the stairway.  It seems to take forever, either
going up OR down.  It is just a seemingly insurmountable climb, either way.
Up is the bedroom of Redferne, and down leads to the southern end of the
hall.

Name: The Treasure Room
Description: This place is gloomy.  A HUGE safe is cemented into the west wall.  The
only visible exit is west, through the oak door.

Name: Redferne's Bedroom
Description: This is a snugly set bedroom with all the necessities for a romantic
evening.  A large fireplace adorns the east wall, and sizzling away is
the wood that is ablaze within.  The bed is enormous, covering at least
HALF of this great room.  The room stretches at least 140 feet, so can
you imagine the BED?  A large staircase leads down to the hall.  A couple
of doors open up to a broad balcony to the south.

Name: Redferne's Balcony
Description: You see a splendid of the most of this world.  The valleys stretch as
far as the eye reaches to the south from here.  Down below you can see
the entrance of this magnificent building.  To the north are the doors
to Redferne's bedroom.

Name: The Monster Pen
Description: This looks like the cage in which a large carnivore is being kept.
Judging by the state the walls are in, this could very well be a large
AGGRESSIVE animal.  This makes you pretty insecure, this stating your
feeling about the place quite mildly.

Name: On The Huge Chain
Description: This place has quite a good view over Midgaard.  Your possibilities of
movement seem to extend only to the up and down directions.  Unless you
want to let go of the secure and seemingly unmovable chain, then those are
the directions you should take from here.

Name: The Chain Where It Is Too Windy
Description: Hanging on to the chain you figure out that there is no way of leaving
down from here.  The wind pulls you from left to right and back.  This
seems like a totally impossible task.  The ascend is the only way ahead
for you.  Otherwise you would risk death by falling to the hard ground
below.  DO NOT DESCEND NOW OR YOU WILL SURELY DIE!!!!

Name: On The Great Chain Of Naris
Description: You are approximately on the middle of the treacherous Chain.  One false
step and death will come and collect you quickly.  The chain leads upwards
and down.  No way are you going to descend now... You've only just begun
your climb.  Besides it could cost you your life.  Look down and you'll
see why.

Name: The Chain
Description: As you descend, the chain seems to absorb all weather around it, making
it swing less and less in the very powerful wind tearing at it.  The Chain
seems to chuckle quietly, and as you descend further you hear a soft whisper
originating from within the Chain *ITSELF*.  It says 'Welcome back some
other time, stranger.  Your company is always... hmmm... interesting.  God
Speed.'  The chain extends further down through the now spreading clouds.

Name: The Mighty Chain Of Naris
Description: This place truly a splendid view of the WHOLE COUNTRY SIDE!  A magnificent
light shines upon you and the way up through the clouds is opened.  Up there
you can now see the Mansion of Naris, Residence of the Greater God Redferne.
The chain beneath you seems to evaporate in the mustering clouds that
surround you by now.

Name: The Free Fall From The Chain
Description: This is probably the third worst place to be in this entire MUD right
now.  You fall
.  
.
.
and fall
.
.
.
and fall
.
.
.
and HIT THE GROUND WITH SUCH A *SPLUTCH* that you die horribly, but instantly.
Good-bye cruel world.

Name: On The Swift Flowing River
Description: As the river exits the city of Midgaard it picks up speed and whisks
you along high banks flanked by the trees of Haon-Dor.  As the city
fades in the east, you approach a gloomy forest to the west.

Name: The Riverbank
Description: The river is deep, and runs swiftly in an east-west direction.  To the
north the river eddies and enters a backwash where a small bank extends
down from a dark, thick stand of trees.  It doesn't look particulary
inviting however.

Name: The Twisty Part Of The River
Description: The river twists and turns and nearly tosses you out of your boat.
The water is dark, cold, almost reptilian in sheen.  It seems almost
alive.  The river runs east and south.

Name: The Scenic Route
Description: The dark forest of Haon-Dor recedes behind you to the northeast.
The river continues in a westerly direction toward the river delta,
where you can just make out a large island.

Name: The Swift River Delta
Description: You are at the edge of the river delta, where the river empties
out on its way to the sea.  The water here is Black.  Deep.  Dark.
Deadly.  The tidal waves sweep you around and around up and down.

Name: Near The Rocks
Description: You bob up and down in the waves comming dangerously close to some
large, jagged rocks on the eastern shore of an unusual looking island.
There is no way you could possibly land there without getting killed.

Name: The South River Delta
Description: You are making your way along a channel in the river delta between
the island to the west and the shore to the south and east.  To the
south an aging broken down looking pier juts out from land and toward
the west the channel works it way close to the island as it moves around
its southern tip.

Name: The Pier
Description: You float next to a crumbling pier long since neglected.
To the west the water gets sluggish and there are many weeds and
some seaweed floating about.

Name: Mired In Seaweed
Description: The going is rough here.  The tide struggles with the normal flow
of the river and here near the edge of the sea there is a large
amount of growth.  To the west the channel passes the southern tip of
the island and heads for open waters.

Name: The Last Stop
Description: The delta meets the sea here.  To the west you see nothing but
ocean on the horizon.  Sea birds squawk noisily at your approach
and take flight from a nearby beach head on the island.  It looks
as though this could be the last stop for those heading out to sea.

Name: The Beach Head
Description: This is a secluded looking beach on the southern tip of the island.
There isn't much to see here and there is no way to cross the steep
rocky cliffs that wall in this place.

Name: The North Channel
Description: The river splits as runs up against the island and a navigatble
channel slips off to the north and west.

Name: The North Channel
Description: The river current carries you swiftly westward as the channel
begins to narrow as it squeezes past the north end of the island.

Name: Near The Isle
Description: You are sitting just off a small landing on the island that
appears to be nothing more than a short path that leads to the
side of a hill.

Name: The Lane Of The Lying
Description: Bodies lie everywhere.  Commoner, peasant, duke, duchess.  The Gods
will not hear you call here.  Hence they will not answer you.  To the
south the path ends at a dark cave entrance.
A sign has been posted beside the entrance.

Name: The First Trial Of Minos
Description: Ah... you find yourself in Minos' battlefield playground.  
Minos loves to torture his people through these places.  He
collects the monsters of the world and puts them here.

Name: The Second Trial Of Minos
Description: Minos' voice reveberates from the four walls of this room:
'Get some rest and make sure you're healed.  You'll need it for
the next monster in my playground.  Or are you strong enough?'
   To the south is the entrance to the next challenge of Minos'
stronghold.

Name: The Third Trial Of Minos
Description: You go inside a red room.  Very red.  As if the Minos King used
them to disembowel his guests.  The path continues eastward.  You
see blue lights in that direction.

Name: The Fourth Trial Of Minos
Description: Minos must be a monster hacking machine.  You see a blue light
flicker on and off.  A voice crackles, 'WHY ARE YOU HERE!'

Name: The Fifth Trial Of Minos
Description: This is General Woundwort's quarters.  Hraka abound.  The frayed
corpses of rabbits lie scattered about this hell-hole.  The General
is not a very neat person as you can tell.

Name: The Sixth Trial Of Minos
Description: Dare we surmise how many more rooms Minos has?  The paths appear to be
endless.  You shudder the sounds of death cries from the east.  A loud
voice bellows another warning: 'Leave now or face my wrath!'
There is a crawlway leading upwards at the far end of the room and
there is a fresh breeze comming from there.

Name: The Final Trial Of Minos
Description: This is Minos' room.  What else did you expect?  The room is lavishly
decorated for this bovine king.  Everything is so opulent that it makes
your eyes bulge.  Survive and reap his fortune!  The only exit is a large
oak door in the east wall.

Name: The Royal Chamber
Description: The treasure room of Minos is dark save for your lantern.
Hopefully it has not been looted yet by the many legendary thieves
of Midgaard.  A clever looking secret passage leads upward from here.

Name: Above, On The Beach
Description: You sit amongst the rocks above a small beach at the southern
end of the island.  You could clamber down easy enough, but getting
back up would be another story.

Name: The Entrance To The Dancing Daemon Inn
Description: You find yourself in an entrance foyer to the Dancing Daemon Inn.
Chrome plated stairs spiral up to the reception area.  To the south
you hear the sounds of merriment and drinking and from the west you
hear the bustling activity of New Thalos.

Name: The Reception Area
Description: You are now standing in the reception of New Thalos.  A huge mahogany
desk is here along with two sofas and a coffee table covered in magazines.
The plush carpeting under your feet is a nice change from the rugged paths
you are used to travelling.  A chrome stairway spirals downstairs to the
tavern of the Dancing Daemon Inn, and your future adventures in New Thalos.

Name: The Dancing Daemon Inn
Description: A huge circling wet-bar takes up most of the east end of the Daemon.  An
old mage reclines against the mirror behind the bar absentmindedly pouring
several drinks at once with his refined telekinesis.  The Lokettes, a local
band, are playing their usual gig on the stage.  The large booths along the
all are filled with people drinking and having a grand time.  You feel like
partying here.
The only obvious exit is to the north.

Name: The Medina
Description: You stand on the Medina, on the larger open areas in New Thalos.
People walk to and fro carrying on their day to day business.  The
Common Square of the people opens up to the south and the Medina
continues north.

Name: The Medina
Description: You are walking along a wide open expanse of road connecting
Market Square to the Common Square.  Panhandlers, beggars, and
other such riff-raff wander about hoping to catch those few who
with open hearts.  The Medina continues to the south and the
Market Square spreads out to the north.

Name: Southern Market Square
Description: The large square of markets fills your vision.  Strange sights and
sounds, those known only to the New Thalos market, barrage your senses.
The only hope of making any sense of what is going on here is to wander
around.  Market Square continues north, west, and east, with the Medina
trailing off th the south.

Name: The Center Of Market Square
Description: You are standing in the center of Market Square, the famous square
of New Thalos.  A large, peculiar looking statue is standing in the
middle of the square.  The square extends in every direction.

Name: Southeastern Market Square
Description: In this corner of the market some of the largest warriors in the land
tower over you.  It is easy to understand why they hang out here once you
notice the weapon shop and the armoury close by.  Perhaps you might stop
in and take a look at the wares these shops have to offer.

Name: Southwestern Market Square
Description: This area of the market seems relatively quiet, save the high pitch
banter of the shopkeepers attempting to lure you into their stores.
South you see the bread stand and west is the entrance to the general
store.
   The market's sprawl continues east and north of here.

Name: Western Market Square
Description: This area of the square seems a bit more subdued than the rest.
You notice that most of the outland adventurers mill around the
southern end of the market, while the townfolk seem to keep their
business in the northern end.
   West Main street begins here and heads for the gate, the market's 
expanse fills the other directions.

Name: The Common Square
Description: People pass by talking to each other, or rest their weary bones on this
grassy field.  You can hear faint sounds of the river to the south of you
as it passes through the city.  Ishtar drive heads east and west from here
and the Medina is to the north.  South lies the River Ishtar Bridge and the
southern gate.

Name: Outside The Southern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You see before you the expanse of the Great Eastern Desert.
You have heard many tales of the Great Pyramid, the lost city
of Old Thalos and the friendly brass dragon that lies under the
desert.
   To the south lies the desert and the city of New Thalos is
to the north.

Name: The Southern Bridge
Description: Walking over the bridge you see the rushing waters of the River
Ishtar.  To the south you see the Southern Gate of New Thalos and
the Common Square stretches out to the north

Name: Inside The South Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers rise up to greet you with the massive iron
gate swinging on ornately crafted hinges and emblazoned with the crest
of New Thalos.  The makers of the city spared no expense in rebuilding
the defenses or their home.  The River Ishtar bridge lies to the north
and the desert to the south.

Name: Northwestern Market Square
Description: This corner of the market contains some of the most civilized folk
in New Thalos.  To the north lies the humble store of the merchant
Ahkeem, his weavings known to be the best in the city.  West of here
is the entrance to the First Royal Bank of New Thalos.

Name: Northern Market Square
Description: You stand in one of the most heavily used parts of town.  To the north
lies the Palace of New Thalos and the Casbah, east west and south of here
the busy market thrives with life.

Name: Northeastern Market Square
Description: Pandemonium.  Chaos.  Madness.  A few other choice words come to mind
as you gaze into this corner of the market.  The vegetable stand seems
quiet enough so you have to assume the noise comes from the Butchery.
You have to think for a while before you muster the will to enter this
shop.  The market continues to the south and west.

Name: Eastern Market Square
Description: You stand in the market of New Thalos, the gem of the desert.  The
market is the hub of the city, all trade and commerce of any significance
is carried on here.  The market spreads out in all directions save east,
here Main Street heads for the easter gate.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: This cobblestone road aides your journey through town.  Traveling north
will take you by the Palace and the Dancing Daemon Inn, and south will put
you on Market Square.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: This part of the road travels between one of the sturdy walls of
the Palace and the Dancing Daemon.  To the east you peer through a
small window into the Daemon, seeing many people dancing and drinking.
After you tend to your other chores you plan on visiting the Daemon.
   The walk continues north and south from here.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: The road here between the Palace and the Dancing Daemon Inn seems well
worn by the travel of horses, carts, and leather boots.  From the west you
hear the faint sound of trumpets announcing the arrival of some duke or
duchess to the Palace.  Safe haven awaits you to the east in the halls
of the Daemon, and Sultan's Walk continues north and south.

Name: Sultan's Walk
Description: The main road north from the square continues here, surrounded
by the walls of the Palace and the Daemon.  To the north you see
the heavily guarded gate and can make out faint sounds of trade
to the south.

Name: Inside The Northern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers rise up to greet you with a massive iron
gate swinging between on ornately crafted hinges and emblazend with
the crest of New Thalos.  The makers of this city spared no costs
in rebuilding the defenses of their home.
   Sultan's Walk runs to the south and the Casbah stretches out east
and west.  To the north is wilderness.

Name: Inside The West Gate Of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers embedded in the wall loom over you.  The
massive iron gate, emblazoned with the crest of New Thalos, swings
easily on four ornately crafted hinges.  It is obvious the makers
of this city spared no expense in protecting their home.
   Main street heads towards the market eastward and the wilderness
beckons from the west.  To the south lies the entrance the Warriors'
Guild.

Name: West Main Street
Description: This is the main road traveling though the city.  To the south you
hear the hammering of the repair shop and to the north is the grassy
field known as Temple Square.  Main street continues east and west.

Name: West Main Street
Description: A foreman stands stand here watching over two construction workers
fixing a pothole.  The road here branches off north and south into
two alleys behind the stores of the market.  The main street continues
east and west from here.

Name: West Main Street
Description: You are strolling on the street between the bank and general store.
To the west you hear a roadcrew at work and to the east, the sounds of 
commerce taking place.  The air is filled with the smell of gold and
riches.
On the wall of the store is a poster.

Name: East Main Street
Description: Here on East Main, you smell the odor of freshly slaughtered meat
and, hear the pounding of new metal from the armory.  The Square is
to the west and a junction is to the East.

Name: East Main Street
Description: You are on East Main Street.  To the North is the beginning
of Guildsman Row.  To the South is a dark alley.  The road also
continues to the East.
There is a small sign on a wire hanging across the junction.

Name: East Main Street
Description: As you walk by the mercenary guild a cold chill causes you to shiver
uncontrollably.  You see some shady looking characters lurking about the
entrance to this house of 'helpful' people.  Perhaps curiosity gets the
best of you, but you wonder what could be going on inside.  To the north
you see the open doors of the apothecary shop where one may buy many
magical livations.
   Main Street continues east and west from here.

Name: East Main Street
Description: The Main street through eastern New Thalos begins here and heads
westward towards the marketplace.  One of the main gates can be seen
to the east and Braheem's Magic Shop awaits your business to the north.

Name: Inside the Eastern Gate of New Thalos
Description: Two large stone towers imbedded in the wall loom over you.  The
massive iron gate, emblazened with the crest of New Thalos, swings
easily on four ornately crafted hinges.  It is obvious the makers
of this city spared no expense in protecting their home.
   Main street heads towards the market westward and the wilderness
beckons from the east.  To the north lies the entrance to the Mages'
Guild.

Name: Cassandra's Catch Of The Day
Description: Nothing in your life has prepared you for the odor which fills your
lungs.  Not wanting to offend the beautiful shopkeeper you hold your
tongue and quietly look over her selection.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: This is the warehouse district of New Thalos.  Strong men walk back
and forth from the docks to the warehouse carrying large crates loading
and unloading the boats as they sail down the river.  To the north is
one of the entrances of the warehouse and West Ishtar leads east.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: A few men walk by almost pushing you out of the way as they go about
their business of loading and unloading the boats.  An entrance to one
of the huge warehouses of New Thalos is to the north and the River Ishtar 
quietly flows by to the south.  Ishtar Drive continues east and west.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: The cobblestone road is moist here, the trail of water heading down to
the boat ramp.  Catching your balance as you start to slide on the slick
pavement you grab on to the handrail someone has conveniently placed here.
   To the north is the Shipwright and Ishtar Drive continues east and west.

Name: West Ishtar Drive
Description: A cool breeze blows up off the river chilling the sweat otherwise
present on your skin.  Orders and sometimes curses can be heard from
the west in the direction of the warehouses.  The common square opens
up to the east and Ishtar Drive continues west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Loud hammering and the sound of red hot iron cooling in water reaches 
your ears as you stand in front of the blacksmith.  A small boy runs up
to you with big eyes and, as you return his gaze, runs off down the road.
   The common square can be seen to the west and Ishtar Drive continues
to the east.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: The wide road bordering the south of town continues to the east west
here, bordered only by the hay-loft to the north and the River Ishtar to
the south.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Small clumps of hay strewn about the ground alerts you to the fact
that you have reached the stables.  Arabian stallions as well as many
other  fine breeds of horses can be purchased for a price.  Ishtar Drive
continues east and west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Even in broad daylight, you can hardly see into the back alley
that begins here and heads north.  Sounds of loud drunken folk and
the occasional screaming cat emenate from the direction.  Luckily
you have the choice of going east or west down the drive as well.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: Your highly acute sense of smell reports you have reached the
entrance to the fish market.  Although renowned for it fresh catches
and wide selection of aquarian delicacies you wonder how much longer
you can endure the smell!  The River Ishtar flows alongside to the
south with the drive running along side it east to west.

Name: East Ishtar Drive
Description: The sound of squawking gulls and the smell of rotting fish gives you
a hint of your location.  The River Ishtar flows south of you, but looks
crystal clear, so it cannot be the source of this putrid smell.
Looking north you notice a small sign hanging over the dump.

Name: The Boat Ramp
Description: This sloped slab of stone allows easy passage to and from the River
Ishtar.  Boats are moored to the docks here awaiting their masters to
return from the warehouses and the pubs.  The waters of the River Ishtar
lap at your feet to the south and Ishtar Drive is to the north.

Name: West Casbah
Description: The air takes on a somber note as you stand before the entrance to the
jailhouse of New Thalos.  Hopefully you won't ever see this structure from
the inside.  The northwest tower stands here with a spiral staircase 
leading up.  The Avenue ends here, only exiting to the east.

Name: West Casbah
Description: You have almost reached the end of the Avenue in this direction, the 
number of guards in this part of town is nearly doubled.  To the north
the familiar city wall protects you from the wilderness.  Looking south
marble stairs rise towards the entrance of city hall surrounded by 
massive white pillars.
   The Avenue continues east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The wall of the Palace curves south from here, a darkened alley runs
along it in that direction.  West of here you see the steps of the City
Hall and notice the increase in the number of guards.
   To the east the Avenue continues.

Name: The Casbah
Description: As you travel down the road towards towards the City Hall you look up
at the guards walking along the wall keeping watch.  South of you stands
the great walls of the Palace and the Avenue goes east and west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The cobblestone pavement runs along the north wall here.  South of you
stand the great walls of the Palace and the Avenue goes east and west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The activity here is only slightly less than chaotic.  Young boys run
to and fro with stern intent, and older gentleman swagger down the street
towards the Library.  To the west you can see the tall towers of the
northern gate, and the Avenue continues east.

Name: The Casbah
Description: Walking along the cobblestone path you feel secure with the walls of
the city towering over you.  You hear the scraping sounds of metal on
stone and look up to see a large, strong guard looking out to the north.
   To the east lies the intersection on Guildsman's Row and the northern
gate is a short walk to the west.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The din of the guilds assaults your senses as you reach this
intersection, the sound of hammering, the smell of tanned leather,
and the smoke rising from the smithy all rush up to greet you.
  The Avenue continues east and west from here and the Row leads
south.

Name: The Casbah
Description: You walk between the solid stone wall of the city and that of the
Masons' Guild.  Young children with their nannies walk around enjoying
the saftey of the city.
   The Avenue runs east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: You have almost reached the end of the Avenue in this direction.
Walking towards the north-east corner of the city you notice the
population density here is much less then the rest of the town.  A
few old men hobbling on canes and young men intent on studies are
the only travelers of the path to the library on a regular basis.
   The Avenue continues east and west from here.

Name: The Casbah
Description: The Avenue ends here, turning south to become Kali Row.  Traveling in
that direction will take you to the Library and the grand dance hall of
the city.
   The northeast tower of the wall is accessible here up a spiral staircase.

Name: Kali Row
Description: This is a small, newly added section of the town.  The city's Library
can be entered through the door to the west and the Casbah begins its
journey a little ways north of here.  The Row and the entrance to the
dancehall is to the south.

Name: Kali Row
Description: The short Row ends abruptly here at the entrance to the dance
hall of New Thalos.
   The entrance to the hall is to the west and the Row continues
northward.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues north and south.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a dark alley running between the Palace and City Hall.  Not a
lot here, unless you're partial to spiders and rats.

Name: Alley
Description: The alley ends here.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: This Row is a hive of activity second only to the actual Market 
Square itself.  Along this row stands all the guilds of the working
class citizens of New Thalos, here all the items sold in the Square
are made.  Along this particular stretch of the row lie the Boyer/
Fletcher to the west and the Masons' to the east.
   The Row leads off to the south and East Casbah is to the north.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: The guilds continue here, to the west is the Weavers' Guild, and
to the east stands the Craftsmans' Guild.  The row of guilds continues
north and south from here.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: Only one guild offers its door to this stretch of the Row, the Tanners'
Guild, to the west.  To the east is a beautifully sculpted marble door
allowing entrance to the Museum of the Greater Gods.
   The Row of Guilds leads north and south.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: After the guilds were built the people of the city used some of the
extra space to erect a shrine to their patron saints.  The result of
this labor became the Museum of the Greater Gods.
   You may enter the sacred hall to the east.

Name: Guildsman's Row
Description: This small cramped road is worn with travel as apprentices to the
guilds run merchandise from the guildhouses to the shops on Market
Square.
   The guildhouses lie to the north and Main street is to the south.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: Even with your light you cannot seem to penetrate the magical cloak of
darkness covering this alley.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a tiny corner in the alley.  The temple walls are north and
west.  You notice a fair amount of footprints to the east.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a dead end to the tiny alley.  There is an unusual amount of
wear apparent on the ground.

Name: Alley
Description: You are in a tiny ally between the temple and the bank.  You hear
some shouting and general roadwork to the south.  The ground is rough
and in need of repair.  In the road is a small pothole.

Name: Alley
Description: You are on a small alley between the repair shop and the general
store.  Nothing much here but small rodents and dust.

Name: Alley
Description: This is a small corner in the alley behind the warehouses and the guild
of warriors.  You notice some small scrapings to the west.

Name: Alley
Description: The alley ends here as do the footprints you had noticed earlier.

Name: Underground
Description: You are in a small underground passage beneath the city.  You see a
small glint of light from above and the passage continues south.

Name: Underground
Description: The passage continues north and south.

Name: Underground
Description: The tunnel branches here going north, east, and west.

Name: Underground
Description: The alley turns again here and heads south and west.  You notice a
small glint of light from above.

Name: Underground
Description: The passage ends here and you hear some low chanting from the west.
You also notice the clearing of dust on the ground but can't seem to
find any door in that direction.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues north and south from here.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage heads north and east from here.  You here the sounds
of the city above you.

Name: Underground
Description: The tunnel continues you west and east.  Hopefully you have a good sense
of direction.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: High above you on the top of the city wall guards look down to see if
you wish to exit the city via water.  To do so they must open the iron
grating in front  of you from above.  The horrid smell of the dump wafts
down from the shore.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The gentle flow of the river carries you eastward, looking up you
see couples strolling along the road.  To the west you see the southern
bridge and to the east you see the iron grating protecting the city from
unwanted guests.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: You hear your voice echo as you float under the bridge above.  The
city construction crews have just recently finished the small ladder
giving common-folk easy access to the river.  To the west and east you
see the river flowing by the city.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: This part of the river seems alive with activity.  Boats moored to
the docks near the ramp north of here make navigation a bit more trying.
As the river flows eastward you can see the southern bridge in that
direction.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows through a huge iron grating from the wilderness
through the city.  Strong guards above await word to open the portal
should any citizen require exit or entry.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: You seem to have stumbled into a small hand made passage.  The wall
to the west doesn't look quite right but searching it reveals no secret
doors.  The only exit it seems is east.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage continues east and west from here.  Again you
notice something peculiar about the wall, this time to the north,
but you fail to find any secret doors.  Voices can be faintly heard
from the north.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage continues west and east from here.

Name: A Dark Passage
Description: The small passage ends here for no apparent reason.  Looking around
you find a small ladder half buried in the dirt.  setting it up you find
a trap door in the ceiling.  The passage continues west from here.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Underground
Description: The small passage continues west and east.

Name: Clerics' Sanctum
Description: You walk down the staircase into the silent inner sanctum.  Here sits
your guildmaster ready to assist you when the time is right.  The room
is completely silent.  The only obvious exit is back up the staircase
into the the Nectar.

Name: The Chamber Of The High Priest
Description: You have entered the chamber of the most holy man in New Thalos.  The
High Priest advises the Sultan on all matters in the world of the sacred.
From what you have heard however, this holy man has a bit of a temper,
and he doesn't look very happy that you've disturbed his prayers.
   The only obvious exit is south.

Name: By The Altar
Description: You are by the temple altar in the northern end of Temple of New
Thalos.  A huge altar made of highly polished black onyx is standing
in front of you.  Behind this altar sits a twelve foot tall statue of
Akbal, the highest god in all the lands.

Name: The Weavers' Guild
Description: Rows and rows of uncut cloth lie about waiting to be hemed up
into tailored clothes.  Cotten is brought in from the country side
and spun up into cloth and dyed different colors.  A young boy walks
in, grabs a pile of clothing and leaves.

Name: The Craftsmans' Guild
Description: You have entered a busy workshop filled with people running amok
with various tools and materials.  The air is tense with the rush to
complete various projects and creations.

Name: Inside The Temple
Description: The temple continues here, but not on such a grand scale.  The place
still looks immaculate.  To the north you see the chamber of the High
Priest and a sign on the door in BIG letters thats reads 'DO NOT DISTURB'
To the south is the entrance to the Clerics' Guild.

Name: Inside The Temple
Description: Huge marble pillars rise on either side of you and grab hold of
the ceiling.  Between each of these, fine softstone frescoes have
been carved depicting scenes from the religous history of New Thalos.
Rows of pews face forward giving their full attention to the pulpit
rising high above the ground.  The deep red carpeting underfoot shows
not a speck of wear or dirt.  It is obvious that New Thalonians take
religion seriously.

Name: The Donation Room
Description: This room is new to the temple, it was created during the hard times
that had struck the city in recent decades.  Luckily for them the Sultan
had been hoarding some of the basic neccesities for just such an occasion.
These days the donation room depends on the generosity of wealthy 
adventurers, and a curse on any that walk in to take everything.

Name: The Museum Of The Greater Gods
Description: Four large stone statues reside in the museum.  They were constructed
by the people of New Thalos to pay homage to the saints they believe to 
have saved all their lives.
   The museum continues to the south.

Name: The Entrance To The Guild of Clerics
Description: This hall pales in comparison to that of the main hall, but is
beautiful in its own right.  Shaven heads and brown robes can be
seen milling about quitely talking to each other.  North is back
inside the temple proper, and south is the entrance to the clerics'
bar.

Name: The Temple Gates
Description: You stand before the entrance way to the Temple of New Thalos.  Two
large wrought iron gates lie open before you.  Although they might not
ever be used the priests in the temple are ready to defend themselves,
should their city ever come under seige again.

Name: Ahkeem's Stuff
Description: You step into a shop swirling with smoke.  Ahkeem seems to have a
liking for things not of this world... very strange stuff indeed.

Name: Vera's Veggies
Description: This is a busy place.  Customers shuffle around, bartering for lower
prices on the wide selection of vegetables.  You can still hear your
mother telling you 'Eat your Veggies'.  That is probably why you are
spending time in the city of New Thalos and not with her.  But wait...
Vera looks just like your mother!

Name: The Museum Of The Greater Gods
Description: Four large stone statues reside in the museum.  They were constructed
by the people of New Thalos to pay homage to the saints they believe to 
have saved all their lives.
   The museum continues to the north.

Name: The Base Of The Tower
Description: You walk into a cold room whose only feature is an old wooden
staircase spirling up along the wall to a higher level.  Up these
stairs you are told awaits the old mage who may be able to help
you advance in your studies.

Name: The Mages' Courtyard
Description: You enter a small tiled courtyard with a small fountain in the middle.
Around the sides are four wrought iron benches with cushions where the
mages of the land sit and exchange ideas.  To the west stands a two-story
tower where the leader of the mages' guild performs his experiments.

Name: Nectar Of The Gods
Description: You are startled by the lavishness of this place.  From what you
know of clerics they are supposed to be humble people, giving all their
material goods to their cause.  Perhaps because only clerics are 
allowed to enter this bar they have condoned making it as comfortable
as possible.  In the corner stands a staircase leading down to the
meditaion chambers.

Name: Temple Square
Description: You are standing on the meeting grounds of those with holy
intentions.  Monks, bards, paladins and clerics mill around
either preaching or listening to their fellows preach.  Huge
marble steps lead up to the gates of the temple and Main Street
lies to the south.

Name: The Bank
Description: You stand in a large building decorated with black marble and red
satin.  Huge pillars support an arched ceiling far above your head.
You wonder at the skill the dwarves have for detail as you examine
the trim.  Fine silver seperates the polished blocks that make up the
floor.

Name: The Butchery
Description: This shop has the aroma of freshly slaughterd beasts.  You feel right
at home.  You see a fairly simple set up.  The corpses... er... selections
hang on hooks, still bleeding into catch pans that drain into a single
underground vat.  You wonder where that leads...

Name: The Witch's Brew
Description: The first thing you notice as you walk into this spacious shop is
the hundreds of candles that line the shelves.  The swirling mist that
surrounds your feet makes it seem that you have stepped into a gateway
to another plane.  A cluttered table stands near the far wall, opposite
the doorway.

Name: Braheem's Magic Shop
Description: You enter a shop crowded with bookshelves and clutterd with scrolls.
The owner seems to be hard at work on his latest magical creation.
You see a small sign on the wall.

Name: The Entrance To The Mages' Tower
Description: The entrance hall is a small poor lighted room.  It would seem its
only purpose is to house the powerful sorcerer standing here guarding 
the entrance.

Name: The Entrance To The Guild of Warriors
Description: This small hall is merely a check point to keep the unwanted out.

Name: The Repair Shop
Description: One of the most popular shops in New Thalos, this shop is always a
hive of activity.  It is almost inhuman the way one man can fix all
types of armour singlehandedly.  If you have an item in need of repair
simply give it to the man behind the counter.
There is a small sign on the counter.

Name: The General Store
Description: The new found wealth of this beautiful city is apearant in the exotic
items for sale here.  You wonder what would happen if you typed... LIST...

Name: Abdul's Armour
Description: The sound of hammering metal grows louder as you enter the armoury.
Young boys run to and fro carrying buckets of water and coal.  A few
dwarves work on sections of armour in the back of the shop, their
hammers working too fast to follow.  The walls are adorned in all of
Abdul's prize creations.  Here you can purchase suits of armour meant
to keep monsters from hacking you into little pieces.
A note on the wall beckons your attention.

Name: The Mercenaries' Guild
Description: This guild is frowned upon by most of the population of New Thalos,
but the laws of supply and demand are irresistable.  People come here
when they feel unable or are unwilling to fight their own battles.  For
a small fee you may hire a henchman.

Name: The Mercenaries Guild
Description: This is the storage room for the mercenaries to be hired.

Name: Entrance To The Thieves' Guild
Description: This small, dark room has a single torch mounted in the wall for
light. There is a small wooden bench and a book lying on it.  The
assassin guarding the entrance from 'outsiders' stands as you walk
in.

Name: The Whet Stone
Description: Very large men with very large swords drink beer from very large mugs.
Everything in this room is BIG.  The large round tables are scuffed and
nicked from the numerous bar brawls that have sprung up.  It might be a
good idea to hold your tounge for a while as you soak up the atmosphere.
   There is an exit to the east where the master swordsman awaits pupils
to train with.

Name: The Tournament And Practice Yard
Description: This is a wide expanse of grass filled with dummies, punching bags
and swordpupils.  To the north you see a man dressed in black robes,
unlike his iron clad comrades, who you assume to be your master.

Name: The Bread Stand
Description: A small stand has been set up here, showing the shopkeep's humble
selection.  You notice he has added a few things to his list.

Name: Igor's Implements Of Destruction
Description: You can't help but shiver as you look at the selection of vicious
weapons.  Huge swords and wicked looking axes hang on pegs around the
room.  A dwarf sits at a bench in the back hammering away on his latest
creation.  It is here you can buy rare and exotic items not found in
other parts of the world.
A note catches your eye.

Name: Ye Old Leather Shoppe
Description: You are standing on a thick oriental rug surrounded on all sides by
racks of numerous leather goods.  A few women sit on leather cushions
sewing in some detail work on custom ordered jackets.

Name: Smuggler's Inn
Description: You are inside a filthy inn, that seemingly has been cleaned in
decades.  Poker tables line the walls and everyone stares at you as
you walk in, you don't feel very welcome.  The bar has numerous
knife holes in it and the bartender leans over waiting for your
order.

Name: The Filthy Unicorn
Description: A draft chills your bones as you enter, though you see no open
window or door.  Hooded figures lurk around in the shadows and speak
in low voices.  A flash of steel lets you know that weapons are in
great abundance in this crowd.  As you quickly check your beltpouch
you notice a small staircase leading down.

Name: The Warehouse
Description: You are standing in a large room used to store merchandise made in the
city before it is shipped off.  All the items here are made in New Thalos
and shipped to other parts of the land.

Name: The Warehouse
Description: Men walk to and fro counting crates and writing down their findings.
This area of the warehouse is used for storing the raw materials brought
in from areas outside the city.  These goods are then delivered to the
various guilds.  The export area of the warehouses is to the south.

Name: The Shipwright
Description: The wood under you feet creaks from years of being soaked in saltwater.
An old man with a curly, grey beard stand behind a small counter waiting
to take your order.  Behind him are mounted various model sailboats and
large fish.

Name: The Drafting Room
Description: The walls are covered with paper sketchings of hull designs.  This room
is used by the shipwright to build his creations on paper before making a
single cut in wood.

Name: The Forge
Description: Very much like the weaponsmith this man deals in the molding of metal.
It seems that most of his creations deal with horses.  On the walls you
see several horseshoes made of iron.  The room is hot, hotter than the
desert just south of here, and one wonders how the smithy can stand it.

Name: The Royal Stables
Description: Nothing you wouldn't expect is here.  Several stalls hold the
Sultan's choice Arabian Stallions, and each has their own trough
for drinking.  A small boy wanders in sometimes with a shovel to
remove the offensive by-product of such beasts.

Name: The Secret Yard
Description: This is a hidden yard known to only a few people in New Thalos.  Here
you may train in the arts of stealing, picking locks, and becoming almost
invisible.
   A small staircase leads back up to the Unicorn.

Name: The Dump
Description: This is the place where the people of the city dump their trash.  Due
to the constant winds blowing down the moutains the smell is usually blown
outside the walls and over the desert.

Name: The Mage's Laboratory
Description: You stand in the top of an old stone tower.  Along the walls hundreds
of potions, scroll, and wands lie in disaray.  The man you see before you
sits hunched over a small wooden table with two beakers of bubbling liquid
in front of him.  He looks up as you enter and smiles broadly.

Name: The Hay Loft
Description: Not as big as the ones you see on farms in the country, this hay loft
serves as a storage area for the horses in the stables.  The young boy
you saw with the shovel seems to have takes up residence on the second
story.

Name: The Grand Entrance
Description: Nowhere have you seen such an obscene display of wealth then in this 
corridor.  The shaggy carpeting under your feet makes it seem as if you
are walking on a cloud.  Platinum candelabras hang delicately from the
ceiling casting light on the ancient tapestries adorning the walls.  The
crick in your neck tells you that it is time to stop staring.  To the west
the numerous halls of the palace being and the gate lies to the east.

Name: The Library
Description: This building holds the vast collection of books and documents
that have been brought here by the commitee apointed to recover the
lost knowledge of Thalos.  Rows of shelves filled with book in every
condition line the walls.  The air has the aroma of old parchment
and glue.

Name: The Dance Hall
Description: You seem to have missed a huge party.  The janitors are here cleaning
up the confetti and pieces of food.  Hundreds of empty beer mugs on the 
tables surrounding the dance floor suggest that the citizens love their
drink.  There is still a banner on the wall.

Name: The Jail
Description: You are in jail.  For some reason, someone feels that you've screwed
up pretty bad and should be put away safely for a while.

Name: City Hall
Description: You stand inside the administrative head of the city.  Here the
decisions regarding city policy are made.  Although the Sultan's
word is law, he usually spends his time on affairs outside the city
wall.

Name: The Boyer/Fletchers' Guild
Description: The walls in this room are covered with pegs that hold various types
of bows.  There are few people working here, lending to the fact that
the skills are rare to come by in the general populas.  A few boys are
busy in the corner preparing feathers for the fine shafts used in making
arrows.  Some Elven craftsmen are carefuly inspecting each bow as it is
finnished.

Name: The Masons' Guild
Description: There is no doubt that the Dwarves here know what they're doing.  They
have been invaluable in the building of this beautiful city.  Here they
are hard at work doing what they do best.  The hammers fly in a blur as
these talented craftsmen work the stone into ornate bricks, pillars, trim,
and many other forms.

Name: The Guard House
Description: You stand inside the southern of the two main guard houses.  The
stone interior has a spartan look to it, only the bare neccesities.
A few weapons are mounted on the walls in case they might be needed.

Name: The Palace Gate
Description: You stand before a magnificantly crafted gate wrought in solid gold.
You gape in awe at the splendor of the spirilng towers beyond the portal.
The ruler of all the eastern lands resides in this fine palace, and he is
not a poor man.  The grand entrance lies byond the gate, and Sultan's Walk
is to the east.

Name: The Northwest Tower
Description: You stand on one of the four towers guarding the city.  The view from
here is great!  To the west you see the tall mountains that make up the
divide between here and Midgaard.  The River Ishtar slowly flows from that
direction.  South you can see the entire city of New Thalos and the Great
Eastern Desert to the south.

Name: The Guard House
Description: You stand inside the northern of the two main guard houses.  Strong
guards are seated here, playing cards.  The stone interior is clean but
bare walled save the weapons and armor mounted in the walls.
   The only exit is south.

Name: The Kitchen
Description: Your footsteps echo off the stone tiles of the kitchen.  On the south
wall you see the large fire place and a huge copper pot bubbling merrily.
The chef is busy chopping up greens and other vegetables at the wooden
table for tonight's meal.  Servants scurry about grabbing utensils and
preparing fresh hares.
   A small door leads out into the hall northward and the doorway to the
dining hall is west.

Name: The Northeast Tower
Description: You stand on one of the four towers guarding the city.  To the north
you see the wide plains and then the forset.  South of here you see the
city and the Great Eastern Desert beyond.

Name: A Hall
Description: You are at the eastern end of the southern hallway.  A small servants'
entrance gives access to the kitchen and the hall continues west.

Name: The Tanners' Guild
Description: You first notice the pungent smell of freshly tanned leather goods as
you enter this strange place.  The next thing that grabs your attention
is the many colors that these people have transformed the beautiful
skins into.  The people are streaching the leather and cutting it into
the shapes they need.
You notice a small message on a wall.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have come to the eastern end of the northern hallway.  The only
exit is west except for the simple wooden door to the north.
There is a golden plaque above the door.

Name: The Shrine Of Allah
Description: As you step into this room you seem to leave the material plane.
The walls here are decorated with beautiful, multi-colored tiles.
There is a strange stillness about the air.  You sense the presence
of an all-mighty being.

Name: Outside The Northern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the gate of New Thalos.  The city lies to the south,
and wilderness to the north.

Name: Outside The Eastern Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the protective walls of the city.  The massive iron
gate sits to the west and the unknown awaits you eastward.

Name: Outside The West Gate Of New Thalos
Description: You stand outside the city walls, the iron gate to the east.  The city
lies in that direction and the road to Midgaard lies west.

Name: Outside The Wall
Description: You are in a small clearing outside the east wall of the city.  The
ground seems well trodden but you can see no apparent exit save that
to the north.

Name: The Grand Dining Hall
Description: A long oaken table, coverd with silverware, plates, and a table cloth
with gold trim, dominates the room.  Although no diners occupy the room
as of yet, servants sprint about setting the table and placing condiments.
   The kitchen entrance is to the east, and two huge double doors open
into the hallway north.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand at a T-crossing in the long hallways.  There are two large
double doors to the south.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand at an intersection of the hallways.  Wooden corridors
lead off in all directions except west, the garden of the palace
can be entered there.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have come to a T-crossing on the hallways.  The wooden corridors
continue east, west and south.  There is a large iron door to the north.

Name: The Entrance To The Dungeon
Description: You enter a cold damp room with bare roughly hewn stone walls.
This room seems very out of place compared to the splendor of the
rest of the Palace.
   A large steel grating leads down into darkness, and an iron door
returns you to the hallway.

Name: A Guest Room
Description: This is a simple room used for visiting nobles.  A small dresser stands
on the east wall with a mirror hung right above it.  A queen sized bed made
up in satin sheets stands in the middle of the room against the south
wall under a window.  The only obvious exit is north back out into the 
hallway.

Name: A Hall
Description: The long hall continues here with a wooden door in the south wall.  On
the north wall hangs the picture of some forgotten nobleman who once ruled 
the land.

Name: The Sultan's Garden
Description: You have entered the Sultan's private gardens.  A light sweat breaks
out on your skin from the humidity here.  All around you are thousands of
exotic plants and flowers.  The sweet smell of jasmine and honeysuckle
reminds you of happier days at home.  Off to the north, through the palm
trees, you see a delicate white gazebo.
   A path leads out into the hallway and west towards the gazebo.
To your right stands a gold sign.

Name: A Hall
Description: The long stretch of hallway continues east and west from here.  The
small red carpet covering the centerline is always underfoot and an
occasional bench or potted plant lines the wall.
There is a door here to the north with a plaque mounted over it.

Name: The Art Exhibit
Description: You are standing in the Sultan's tribute to the finer virtues.
Large paintings hang from the walls displaying nature scenes, nudes,
and glorious victories in battle.  Strange scupltures rest on pedestals 
at each corner of the room and mirrors are placed in strategic locations
so the viewer may see an entire sculpture at a glance.
   Your eyes, however, are pulled towards a painting that dominates the
far wall.

Name: A Guest Room
Description: This is another room made up for visiting nobles.  There is a dresser
up against the eastern wall with a mirror above it and a queen sized bed,
made up in satin sheets, against the south wall.

Name: A Hall
Description: You have reached the western end of the southern hallway.  The only
exit is east except for the doors in the southern and western walls.

Name: The Garden Gazebo
Description: Walking through the gardens you come across a small white wooden
structure.  The sounds of birds, the smell of flowers, ahhh, paradise.
You believe that you have never been in a more peaceful setting.

Name: A Hall
Description: This is the western end of the northern hallway.  Two doors are set
in the walls here, one to the north, another to the west.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: You stand in a barren chamber lined with nothing but cots and
footlockers.  The guards come here when off duty to sleep, for
they may only leave the Palace grounds with special permission.
   The only exit is to the south.

Name: The Guard Room
Description: This is living quarters for the guards of the palace.  Barren compared
to the rest of the Palace, you see only cots and footlockers here.  On the
walls you see pictures of well known knights who have give a proud name to
the Sultan's Guard.

Name: The Harem
Description: This is the room where the Sultan keeps the beautiful women of his
Palace.  There are ten girls here lying about the room dressed in silks
you can almost see through.  In the western end of the room stands a
large mound of pillows and a beautiful young maiden sits perched atop.
It is unfortunate for you that only the Sultan is allowed in here.

Name: A Small room
Description: This is secret chamber allowing the Sultan direct access to his harem
at any time he chooses.

Name: The Throne Room
Description: You stand in the throne room of the mighty Sultan of New Thalos.  Guards
stand at attention near his side ready to make the ultimate sacrifice for
their beloved leader.  The gold inlaid throne studded with jewels stands
upon a mable dias.  The Sultan is not a man to be trifled with.

Name: The Treasure Room
Description: You have somhow managed to gain access to the treaure vault of the
Sultan.  The alarm sounding in the background tells you that you must
have tripped off some kind of alarm system.  It might be adviseable to
grab as much stuff as you possibly can and run for the door.

Name: The Jailer's Room
Description: Climbing down the old wooden ladder you enter a small cave like
room.  There is a small bench with some old magazines and a low
burning candle sitting off to one side.  A door is set into the
stone on the north wall, and the steel grating opens up above.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east and west.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues east and west.

Name: A Tunnel In The Dungeon
Description: You stand in a roughly hewn stone tunnel with cells to the north and
south.  The tunnel continues west and you notice a small crack in the
stone to the east.

Name: The Secret Cell
Description: This room seems more like a lair than a cell.  Small bits of hay lie
strewn about the floor covering bones of unkown origin.  Spatterd blood
and tufts of grey hair lie matted in one corner.  As you turn to leave
you notice a pair of small red eyes peering at you from the darkness.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: The Cell
Description: You are in a cold, cramped chamber with only one exit.

Name: A Hall
Description: You stand in a large cedar wood hall leading east and west.  On the
floor lies a thin and narrow purple rug.  The hall leads west inside the
Palace and east to the Grand Entrance.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: The narrow path turns here heading south and west.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: Travel is hard and slow as you almost have to climb around large
boulders strewn about the path.

Name: The Edge Of The Ravine
Description: The ground drops off below down to a rushing river.  A small rope
bridge sways to and fro in the wind giving you access to the other
side.

Name: On A Rope Bridge
Description: The small rope bridge shudders under your weight as you make your
way across the valley.

Name: The Ledge Around The Valley
Description: You are walking around a small ledge overlooking a large valley
deep within the eastern mountains.  The ledge turns north following
the shape of the valley and a steep trail continues to the east.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: You are walking through a rock strewn path deep within the mountains
east of Midgaard.  The going is rough and you constantly twist your
ankle on the small stones lying about.

Name: On The Eastern Edge Of The Mountains
Description: You stand on the eastern edge of the eastern mountains.  The high
peaks lie to the west and rolling hills and plains open up to your
east.

Name: In The Foothills
Description: The path curves down the face of the mountain allowing you to
move up or down the face of this missive hunk of stone.

Name: In The Foothills
Description: The path curves down the face of the mountain allowing you to
move up or down as you please.

Name: A Rocky Trail
Description: The faint sound of a flowing river reaches your ears from the south and 
through the trees you can see water.  The path you are on continues north
and east from here.

Name: On A Road
Description: This long road continues to the east and south.

Name: On A Road
Description: The well kept road continues east and west from here.

Name: On A Road
Description: You stand on a well maintained road leading east towards New Thalos
and west towards the Eastern Mountains.  To the north you can see wide
plains stretching out as far as the eye can see.  South of you begins
a dark green forest.

Name: The Headwaters Of The River Of Lost Souls
Description: You are at the headwaters of what is oft called the darkest river
in the land.  Looking at the swampy water pooling in this rocky valley,
you can see why the water downstream is so dark.  The rock walls reach
up around you blocking all exits except that to the north up onto the
banks, and to the south where the river flows.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river calms a bit after being thrashed in the interior of
the mountain.  Although still deep within the rocks you can see
faint traces of green to the east.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows east and west through the hills.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river begins its decent out of the mountains now and continues
its flow to the east.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows under the wall of the city to the east and stretches
off towards high snow capped mountains far far to the west.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows out from the city down a long winding gully towards
the Sea of Dragons.  To the south of you lies the Great Eastern Desert
and north a wide open expanse of grass.  You can just barely make out
a road that seems to be traveling along side the river but the
banks are to steep for you to see very far.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues its descent down the lowlands flowing ever so
gently south.  It is hard to believe this is the same river that came
cascading down the mountainside.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: Small animals and herd animals can be heard in the distance, though 
you don't actually see any near the river.  Perhaps the steep slopes
pervent them from using the river.

Name: The Edge Of The Ravine
Description: You stand at the edge of a really long drop down.  A small rope
bridge has conviently been placed here to allow you access to the
other side of the bridge.  Unfortunately the wind seems to be kicking
up making the bridge sway slightly.  The path leads off through the
mountains to the east.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: The narrow path makes its way through the mountains east
and west.  You hear the squawking of a large bird over head
most likely a buzzard waiting for you to drop.

Name: A Path Through The Mountains
Description: A large boulder suddenly decides it wants to occupy the same space
you are currently standing in.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road you are on continues east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The road bends here toward the riverbank giving access to
the River Ishtar.  The road continues north and west from the
river bank.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river flows south through a valley in the mountains.  You can see
a small village to the west.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river flows south in the southern end of this wide valley.  The
walls of the valley close in to the south.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river begins to speed up as it cascades down this mountain
crevice.  High above you a small rope bridge sways in the wind.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river rapidly flows down this crack in the side of the mountain
to the south.  Hopefully you will hear any aproaching rapids.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river seems to calm a bit as the crevase widens lessens
its stranglehold on the waters.  The river continues to the north 
through a crack and flows to the south.

Name: A Split In The River
Description: The waters of the river crash down upon a rock and split into
two bodies of water.  The river you are on continues its southern
course and the new river heads off to the east.  To your west you
notice that the rocks have split and crumbled as if torn asunder
by some massive force.  It looks impossible to traverse.  The River
of Lost Souls also continues to the north.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river continues north and south from here through a water
eroded valley.

Name: The River Of Lost Souls
Description: The river makes a sharp bend here and heads south into a large
mountain and north through a valley.  On a ledge above you, and to
the west, you can see movement.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river widens here, no longer bounded by rock, and flows east
towards a plain.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues here east to east.  There is a landing area to
the north where you can gain access to the shore.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river meanders through the foothills of the eastern mountains.
The air is dryer on this side of the continental divide and it seems
a bit warmer.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river continues its journey eastward flowing through the
plains.  To the west you see the peaks of large snow capped
mountains and to the east you see the outline of a large city.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river flows east and west from here.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river slows as it widens and meanders through the lowlands.  A
small dock give access to the north shore.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: In The Mountains
Description: You are walking over rocks and stones through the mountains between 
the Ishtar and Dark rivers.
   It is funny how all the rocks look alike.

Name: The Headwaters Of The Dark River
Description: A large natural spring issues forth from the heart of the mountain
and flows west down the mountain.  It looks like there was a terrible
earthquake here not too long ago, and a path that leads eastwards
through the mountains is covered with rocks, making passage difficult.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows down the mountain through a large crevasse to the west
and up into the mountains east.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The walls of this canyon tower overhead as the river continues east
and west from here.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The walls of rock around you slowly shrink to ground level as the river 
flows out of the mountains and onto the plains.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river continues east and west from here out of the foothills
to the east down into the mountains south of here.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river, following a low spot in the foothills, bends and twists.
Tall mountains can be seen off to the south and east.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river makes a wide sweeping turn here into the mountain.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows west from here into the heart of the mountain and
east towards the foothills once more.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: You can barely make out what is ahead of you as the river flows
quietly through the passageway.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river slowly flows west towards the heart of the mountain.  There
are small cracks in the passage wall to the north where you might be able
to get up out of the water.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river continues east and west from here flowing south of a dark
ledge high above the water level.

Name: On The Dark River
Description: The river flows south through a narrowing part of the passage as it
progresses deeper into the mountain.

Name: On A Small Ledge
Description: You clamber out of the water up onto this narrow ledge to see if
it leads deeper into the mountain.  Unfortunately, the ledge is only
wide enough to rest upon for a while and there does not appear to be
any other exits other than rejoining the underground river.

Name: On The Plains
Description: You stand on an open expanse of grass extending in all directions.
To the south of you stand the might northern gates of New Thalos.  East
and west of you the grassy fields continue and north, in the distance,
you see a line of trees.

Name: On The Plains
Description: You stand on an open field of grass.  The forest to the north is
closer but still a good distance away.  To the south a small dirt
path has been trodden into the ground heading towards New Thalos.

Name: The Edge Of The Forest
Description: You stand at the edge of a huge forest.  The line of trees
continues as far as the eye can see to the east and west.  A
large expanse of grass spreads out to the south.

Name: River Ishtar
Description: The river broadens even more here and the waters become murky.
The smell of saltwater has reached you from the east.  The Dragon
Sea cannot be far away.  To the east you can see the faint outline
of a city and to the north you see a large expanse of grass.

Name: The River Delta
Description: This is where the river empties out into the Dragon Sea.  The backrush
of water has kicked up a lot of sand and the blue sea is stained where
the river empties.  Looking west all you can see is water... all the way
to the horizon.  North of here is a small dock you think you should be
able to reach with out too much trouble.  The river stretches off to the
west back towards New Thalos.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the north.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: The Dragon Sea comes up along the shore here.  The deep blue waters
rolling in and crashing against the beach.  To the north you see a 
small dock jutting out into the surf.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends
in all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance
you think you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The people of New Thalos take great pride in the services their
city may provide.  One of these services is the construction crews
the go to great lengths to keep all the roads in order.  Although
the taxes in New Thalos are higher then other cities in the realm
most of the money is used for the good of the people.

Name: On A Road
Description: You walk along a well used road with beautiful scenery.  To the north
tall pine trees form a wall that goes on for miles.  Between the road
and the trees lies a great expanse of grassy plains.  South of here, 
beyond the river, lies the Great Eastern Desert.  The road continues
east and west.

Name: On A Road
Description: The Dragon Sea can be seen to the east now spreading out to unknown
lands.  The road continues east and west.  To the south you hear the
sounds of boats traveling the River Ishtar delivering goods.

Name: On A Road
Description: This is the man land route through the land.  Merchants can bring
their goods to the coastline and have them ferried onto ships for
export.  Travel by foot west will take you through New Thalos up and
over the Eastern Mountains and down into Midgaard.

Name: Near The Shore
Description: The road ends here turning into a small dirt path leading down the
beach and onto a dock.  To the north and south you see the coastline
stretching out before you.  West of here the lowlands roll up into
huge snow capped mountains.

Name: On A Dock
Description: You stand on a simple wooden dock that acts as an extension of the
road to the west.  The dock seems to have been here for quite a long
time but is still sturdy.  A small ladder has been built on the eastern
end to allow easy access to and from ships.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: You are on the clear blue seas of the Dragon Sea.  Water extends in
all directions as far as the eye can see.  Off in the distance you think
you might see a small dock to the west.

Name: The Dragon Sea
Description: The ocean spreads out in all directions rolling gently.  In the
distance you can see an island on the horizon.  To the west you see
the mainland.

Name: Under The dock
Description: You are swiming underneath the dock.  You can see the four wooden
pylons that support the structure.  The murky water clouds you vision
as you gaze westward, but you think you can make out an iron grating
in that direction.

Name: The Lair Of The Ixitxachitl
Description: Blood swirls around in the water as the Ixitxachitl devours the 
last of its meal.  Swirling around quickly as you intrude upon his
meal the large sting ray attacks!

